Introduction from the President Professor Diarmuid Hegarty
“I am delighted to introduce you to Griffith College. In choosing Griffith College, you are joining a community of over 7,000 students at our four campuses, two in Dublin and one in both Cork and Limerick, and an alumni network of more than 40,000 graduates who over the past five decades have gone on to achieve notable careers both nationally and internationally.
Ó bunaíodh an Coláiste, bhí an tacaíocht bhfoireann teagaisc do na mic léinn le sonrú i gcónaí. Pé athraithe a chuirfear i bhfeidhm sna blianta romhainn, beidh an cultúr fáilteach céanna i réim chun na mic léinn a spreagadh chun barr feabhais a bhaint amach.”
I wish to commend the commitment and dedication of our learners. In the coming decades our graduates can expect to have up to 15 different jobs over the course of their working lives. To succeed in the modern economy, they will need a detailed knowledge of their discipline and a set of transferable skills that will allow them respond to changes in the employment market.
At Griffith College, our lecturers are noted for their industry experience, and through our industry links and apprenticeships we are committed to ensuring our learners are employment-ready and possess lifelong transferrable skills.
We take pride in providing Irish and International students with opportunities to develop broader life-skills and a network that will stand to them throughout their lives. With small class sizes and mentoring provided by the college’s academic and pastoral care teams, our lecturers will give you the skills you need to succeed in life and in your chosen field of study.
It is the commitment to a well-rounded education that has stood our students and graduates in such good stead. We remain committed to providing an inclusive, comprehensive learning experience. I look forward to welcoming you on campus.

Griffith College Dublin
Established in 1974, Griffith College is Ireland’s largest independent third-level institution. Griffith’s Dublin campus offers full, part-time and blended learning courses at undergraduate and postgraduate level, as well as professional and short courses. The campus, based on South Circular Road in thriving Dublin 8, is very handily located for all students. It’s a 20-minute walk into St Stephen’s Green and ten minutes away from Camden Street and Wexford Street. The buildings have a rich history dating back over 200 years. This historical backdrop sits alongside cutting-edge technology for the College’s learners. That blend of old and new, Irish students and international, undergraduate and  postgraduate learners gives our Dublin campus an energy that is unmatched. At Griffith College, we pride ourselves on providing a supportive and mentoring environment that allows our students to achieve their best potential. Our lecturers consistently go the extra mile for our students. That’s the Griffith way.
Contact
Griffith College Dublin, South Circular Road, Dublin 8
Phone: +353 1 415 0415
Email: admissions@griffith.ie
Web: www.griffith.ie
Griffith College City Centre
In 2008, in order to provide a full and flexible service to students of the greater Dublin area, Griffith College started running classes in Dublin City Centre. In 2018 Griffith College opened a modern teaching facility, Griffith College City Centre on Wolfe Tone Street. Griffith College City Centre is located beside the busiest shopping area of Dublin with Arnotts and the Ilac Centre nearby. It is easily accessible by public transport with the nearby red and green Luas lines, and all the buses that serve O’Connell Street and the Quays along the River Liffey. Dublinbikes is also on our doorstep.
Contact
Griffith College City Centre, 25 Wolfe Tone Street, D01 X9K7
Phone: +353 1 415 0450
Email: admissions.citycentre@griffith.ie
Web: www.griffith.ie/citycentre

Griffith College Cork
Griffith College was first established in Cork in 1998 with the School of Professional Accountancy. In June 2005, Griffith College Cork merged with Skerry’s College. Skerry’s College had been at the forefront of education in Cork since 1884. Griffith College Cork runs a variety of both full-time and part-time, undergraduate, postgraduate and Masters programmes in Law, Business, Accounting, Computing Science and Pharmaceutical Business Management as well as professional programmes in Law and Accountancy. Griffith College Cork is strongly committed to the creation of a positive learning environment. This relaxed and productive atmosphere is achieved by developing a strong pastoral care ethos, evidenced by the open-door policy of lecturers, the operation of all lectures on a first-name basis, the provision of both written and oral feedback on formal and informal assignments, and the close, friendly working relationship between students and staff, all of which are based on a spirit of trust and collaboration.
Contact
Griffith College Cork, Wellington Rd, Cork
Phone: +353 21 450 7027
Email: admissions.gcc@griffith.ie
Web: www.griffith.ie

Griffith College Limerick
In September 2006 Griffith College acquired the Mid-West Business Institute (MWBI) and became Griffith College Limerick. The new entity carried forward the proud traditions and reputations of both institutions, which were founded in 1974 and 1988 respectively. The Limerick Campus provides a wide range of full-time, part-time, blended learning and apprenticeship programmes from it’s campus facility in the heart of Limerick city. Internationally recognised qualifications ranging from Level 6 to Level 9 on the Irish Framework of Qualifications (NFQ) in Accountancy, Business, Computing, Engineering and Hospitality, are on offer through its validating partners; Quality Qualifications Ireland (QQI), the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA), Heriot-Watt University (HWU), and the Business Technology Council (BTEC). At the Limerick Campus, students can expect smaller class sizes and individual attention in a student-focused, reassuring learning environment. Students receive support and encouragement in their academic studies, pastoral care and preparation for work from both lecturers and staff. The over-arching goal of the College is that all students would reach their full potential and be ready to take up employment in their chosen field. Each year the College welcomes students from a variety of backgrounds and nationalities to its Limerick campus. The vast majority of them have gone on to rewarding careers in a variety of sectors with the qualification they gained with us.
Contact
Griffith College Limerick, O’Connell Avenue, Limerick City
Phone: +353 61 310 031
Email: admissions.gcl@griffith.ie
Web: www.griffith.ie

Our Validating Partners
Griffith College works in partnership with a  number of awarding bodies in Ireland and the UK. Awarding bodies are external authorities who recognise and approve a programme(s) of study to be delivered, if the programme meets its standards. By working closely with awarding bodies, Griffith College ensures that our degree programmes are of a high standard and that your learning achievements can be recognized across Ireland and internationally. 
Academic awarding bodies QQI
Quality and Qualifications Ireland (QQI) was established under the Qualifications and Quality Assurance (Education and Training) Act 2012. A significant proportion of the College’s programmes are validated by QQI, and the college’s procedures for quality-assuring programmes were re-approved by QQI in 2019. The authority was created by an amalgamation of existing bodies including the Higher Education and Training Awards Council (HETAC), the Further Education and Training Awards Council (FETAC), the Irish Universities Quality Board (IUQB) and the National Qualifications Authority of Ireland (NQAI). As such QQI is the singular state authority for the recognition of qualifications. When you complete a QQI-validated programme, you earn an award that is widely recognised throughout Ireland and internationally. As the state qualifications agency, QQI aligns its awards to the National Framework of Qualifications (NFQ) and the European Qualifications Framework (EQF). These frameworks are entities through which all learning achievements measure and relate, regardless of where learners achieve them. QQI-validated programmes are subject to extensive periodic review, and as such you can be sure that your programme has recently been approved as up-to-date and fit-for-purpose. 
Edinburgh Business School, Heriot Watt University 
Edinburgh Business School is the Graduate School of Business of Heriot-Watt University, a leading British University accredited by Royal Charter. Edinburgh Business School have been helping working professionals become business leaders for over 25 years, offering high-quality and accessible  postgraduate programmes in business. Griffith College Limerick runs the Master of Business Administration (MBA) programme in association with Heriot-Watt.
Professional awarding bodies
• Accounting Technicians Ireland (ATI)
• Association of Chartered Certified
Accountants (ACCA)
• Business and Technology Education
Council (BTEC)
• CPA Ireland
• The Honourable Society of King’s Inns

Our Students
Win at Annual IDI Awards Ceremony 2020 & 2021 Commendation
At the 2021 IDI Graduate Awards, Lena Jordan received a commendation for her innovative input into the Fashion Design category. Lena’s Skateboard lifestyle collection is called TWENTY EIGHT M2, inspired by the minimal house movement, reducing your daily living footprint on the planet to a minimum through multifunctional design details. Her transformational garments provide warmth and shelter merged into products designed for alternative functional use. At the 2020 awards, Griffith boasted two winners: Bethaney Woolley’s ‘Blind Spot’ (Fashion Design) and Lijie Yan’s ‘All Girls Equal’ (Visual Communications).
2021 SMEDIA Video Journalist of the Year
Brendan Morris, who is currently studying in our BA (Hons) in Communications & Media Production course, received the Video Journalist of the Year award at the 2021 Student National Media Awards. “I didn’t know how that nuanced approach to video journalism would be perceived, but it’s good to know it went over well!”
Outdoor Photography Exhibition April 2021
Griffith College Photography partnered with Irish Poster Advertising LTD (IPA) to launch the 2020 Photography Graduate Exhibition across the streets of Dublin in April 2021. Discussing the initiative, the head of Photography at Griffith Sinead Murphy said: “This group of image-makers did a fantastic job this time last year when life was turned upside down.”
Film and Documentary Shorts Awards 2021
Libre: A Celebration of The Queer Body, produced by BA in Film & TV Production students and directed by Arthur Lopes won the following awards in 2021: Best Documentary Short at Prague International Indie Film Festival, Best Film at LGBTQ+ Toronto Film Festival, and Best LGBTQ Documentary at Venice Shorts. The film was also selected for the following international film festivals: Official Selection Indie Shorts Awards Canne and the Official Selection Montreal Independent Film Festival. I Exist Because You Are Here, produced by Griffith students and directed by Ingrid Machado was selected for the following international festivals: The Rome Independent Prisma Awards, The Independent Shorts Awards in LA, and The New York International Film Awards.

Entry Requirements
These pages highlight key information points about academic requirements set by our validating partners for both undergraduate and postgraduate programmes.
Postgraduate Programmes
Please review the entry requirements for each postgraduate programme on their relevant course web pages. Please visit www.griffith.ie/find-a-course.
Language Requirements
All undergraduate degree programmes require a pass in either English, Irish or a modern language.
Maths Requirements
The following are the only courses that do not require a grade in Maths:
• LL.B. (Hons) in Law
• Certificate and BA in Photography
• LL.B.(Hons) in Commercial Law
• LL.B. (Hons) in Criminal Justice
• BA (Hons) in Communications and Media Production
• BA in Communications
*Please note that all other courses require a grade in Maths.
Level 8 Honours Degree
Leaving Certificate Common Points Scale: Min. 2 H5s and 4 O6/H7s (some programmes will require O6 in Maths.) A Level/GCSE: 6 distinct recognised subjects which must include: 2 subjects at GCSE A Level grade C and 4 other subjects at GCSE Level Grade C. QQI/FETAC: Level 5 Full Award with 3 distinctions
Level 7 Degree
Leaving Certificate Common Points Scale: Min. 5 O6/H7s (some programmes will require O6 in Maths.) A Level/GCSE: Min. of 1 Grade E A Level & 4 subjects from either A levels (Grades A–E) or GCSE (Grades A, B or C). QQI/FETAC: Level 5 Full Award
Level 6 Higher Certificate
Leaving Certificate Common Points Scale: Min. 5 O6/H7s (some programmes will require O6 in Maths.). A Level/GCSE: [Same as Level 7]. QQI/FETAC: Level 5 Full Award

Application Process
The following pages detail how to apply for courses offered at Griffith College Dublin. They provide guidelines for CAO and Direct Entry applicants. 
New 2017 Common Points Scale
In 2017, the Irish universities, Institutes of Technology and all other colleges which accept applications through the CAO introduced a revised Common Points Scale.
Direct Entry Courses
Griffith College Dublin also offers a large number of courses in each faculty that may not appear on the CAO system. Applications to these courses can be made directly to the GCD Admissions Office or via our website: www.griffith.ie/apply.
Grade	Higher	Ordinary
H1/O1	100	56
H2/O2	88	46
H3/O3	77	37
H4/O4	66	28
H5/O5	56	20
H6/O6	46	12
H7/O7	37	0
H8/O8	0	0
LCVP Link Modules
Distinction = 66 , Merit = 46, Pass = 28
• 25 bonus points will be added to the points score for Leaving Certificate Higher Level mathematics, at grades H6 or above. 
CAO Applications
Students under the age of 23, on January 1st of the year of entry, who wish to apply to the first year of any QQI validated undergraduate full-time programme, must make that application through the CAO system. The closing date for applications for EU citizens is February 1st, with late applications being accepted until May 1st. Up to July 1st, students may also fill out a CAO ‘Change of Mind’ form. Application forms and copies of the current handbook are available from the GCD Admissions Office or from the CAO directly. More detailed information regarding CAO deadlines and the CAO  application process can be obtained by visiting www.cao.ie.
Selection of CAO Applicants
Selection is made on the basis of the total points awarded in a student’s top six subjects, in a single sitting of the Leaving Certificate. The results of two sittings of the Leaving Certificate may be combined for the purposes of meeting the programme requirements for minimum entry. Please note that not all students presenting the minimum entry requirements will be guaranteed a place at the College. Please consult individual course descriptions in this prospectus for the most recent CAO points.
Leaving Certificate Vocational Programme (LCVP)
Holders of the Leaving Certificate Vocational Programme apply in the usual way through the CAO system. Points are awarded on the same basis as the Leaving Certificate. The Link Modules are considered as a single unit and are awarded points based on the result per unit. The Link Modules can be used as a sixth subject for points calculations only.
Leaving Certificate Applied Programme (LCAP)
The College does not recognise LCA subjects as meeting its minimum entry requirements. If combined with a Grade 5 QQI FET/FETAC Award, applicants may apply for a higher certificate or degree course in the College. 
QQI/FETAC links to academic programmes at Griffith College
Griffith College welcomes applications from students who hold a full QQI/FETAC Level 5 Award which typically contains eight modules. A full award may be accumulated over more than one academic year. In such cases, it is the responsibility of the student to apply to QQI/FETAC for a full award where the modules are taken over more than one year. Please note that a record of achievement does not meet the minimum entry requirements.
• To be eligible for consideration for an Honours Degree programme, the applicant must hold a QQI/FETAC Level 5 certificate with a distinction grade in at least three modules. 
• To be eligible for consideration for an Ordinary Degree or Higher Certificate programme, students are required to hold a QQI/FETAC Level 5 Award.
QQI/FETAC Application Process
Applications must be made through the CAO for those courses offered through the CAO. For direct entry programmes, applicants must send a completed direct entry application form to the College. For more information on this access route, please contact the Admissions Office on +353 1 415 0400 or email admissions@griffith.ie.
Direct Entry Courses (including full-time, part-time and postgraduate)
Applicants for all Griffith College direct entry courses are required to meet the minimum entry requirements as indicated in the individual course descriptions in this prospectus. Mature applicants for any full or part-time undergraduate programme are required to supply photographic identification and evidence of date of birth. Applications for all direct entry programmes (undergraduate, postgraduate, part-time/evening time) must be made on the website www.griffith.ie/apply and relevant* supporting documentation can be emailed to admissions@griffith.ie or posted to The Admissions Office, Griffith College Dublin, South Circular Road, Dublin 8.
*All applications for direct entry to undergraduate programmes should include a copy of official Leaving Certificate results with the exception of mature applicants (who must supply evidence of date of birth). All applicants for postgraduate programmes should include an official copy of third level qualifications.
Accreditation of Prior Learning and Prior Experience (APL/APEL)
Griffith College welcomes applications from those with prior academic and/or professional learning experience relevant to the programme of their choice. Please contact the Admissions Office for more information on the policies regarding the accreditation of prior learning and experience (APL/ APEL).
Transfer Applications
The College welcomes applications from students holding qualifications from other accredited institutions and universities. Depending on the nature and duration of their studies, such students may be eligible to join the second or third year of the College’s QQI Ordinary and Honours Degree programmes.
Mature Applications for Undergraduate Courses
Griffith College Dublin welcomes applications from mature applicants. Applicants interested in applying for a programme as a mature student should contact the Admissions Office for more details and applicants should apply directly online at www. griffith.ie/apply.
Transfer to Year 2 of an Honours degree programme
• Students holding a relevant QQI Higher Certificate (NFQ Level 6) may qualify for exemption from all or part of the first year of a relevant Honours Degree programme.
• Students holding a relevant Higher National Diploma (HND) may qualify for exemption from all or part of the first year of a relevant Honours Degree programme.
Transfer to Year 3 of an Ordinary degree programme
• Students holding a relevant QQI Higher Certificate (NFQ Level 6) may qualify for exemption from all or part of the second year of a relevant Honours Degree programme.
• Students holding a relevant Higher National Diploma (HND) may qualify for exemption from all or part of the second year of a relevant Ordinary Degree programme.
Transfer to Year 3 of an Honours degree programme
• Students holding a relevant QQI Ordinary Degree (NFQ Level 7) may qualify for exemption from all or part of the second year of a relevant Honours Degree programme. Students who wish to transfer to Griffith College should complete an application form online www.griffith.ie/ apply, and email a photocopy of their existing subject results and a full programme syllabus to admissions@griffith.ie. The Admissions Office will have a decision regarding transfer applications within ten working days or by the closing date of August 31st. 
Other points to consider when applying 
Griffith College Scholarship Scheme
The Griffith College Scholarship Scheme is designed for students who wish to enter a programme of  study at the College but are unable to do so due to financial constraints or social circumstances. The scheme is open to students interested in applying for our full-time undergraduate programmes and who are presently attending an approved second level institution. It is envisaged that students who would not otherwise have access to the programme of their choice at Griffith College Dublin could do so under this initiative. Application forms and details can be obtained from your school or from the Admissions Office at Griffith College Dublin. The closing date for applications is April 30th each year and a decision will be made by May 31st regarding successful applications.
Students with Disabilities and Special Needs
Applicants with disabilities and special needs wishing to pursue an academic programme at the College are recommended to contact the College in writing with details of the nature and extent of your disability. This will allow us to give you the best advice prior to application. Applicants will be given ample opportunity to advise the College of any specific requirements and can be assured that this disclosure will not adversely affect their application or legal rights in any way.
Tax Relief
Most programmes of two or more years’ duration have been approved for tax relief. Applicants should note that the qualifying conditions for relief may differ for full and part-time students. Relief is granted at the standard rate of tax, and details can be found at www.revenue.ie.

CAO Course Codes & Points
Dublin – Level 8
------------------------------------------------------------
Course                                             | Code  | 2022 | 2023 | 2024
------------------------------------------------------------
BA (Hons) in Business                              | GC400 | 264  | 243  | 282
BA (Hons) in Accounting & Finance                  | GC401 | 265  | 255  | 284
BA (Hons) in Business (HRM)                        | GC402 | 248  | 225  | 265
LLB (Hons)                                         | GC403 | 242  | 228  | 278
BA (Hons) in Business (Marketing)                  | GC407 | 237  | 244  | 266
BA (Hons) in Psychology                            | GC409 | 298  | 308  | 324
LLB (Hons) in Criminal Justice                     | GC418 | —    | —    | —
LLB (Hons) in Commercial Law                       | GC419 | —    | —    | —
BSc (Hons) in Computing Science                    | GC430 | 254  | 261  | 275
BA (Hons) in Communications & Media Production     | GC450 | 238  | 196  | 210
BA (Hons) in Film, TV & Screen Media Production    | GC456 | 236  | 178  | 183
BA (Hons) in Graphic Communication Design #        | GC478 | 226  | 210  | 213
BA (Hons) in Interior Architecture #               | GC489 | 264  | 456  | 320
BA (Hons) in Fashion Design #                      | GC494 | 301  | 308  | 352
Dublin – Level 7
------------------------------------------------------------
Course                                             | Code  | 2022 | 2023 | 2024
------------------------------------------------------------
BSc in Computing                                   | GC425 | 163  | 126  | 129
BA in Communications                               | GC465 | 163  | 143  | 108
BA in Film, TV & Screen Media Production           | GC466 | AQA  | 188  | 157
BA in Graphic Communication Design                 | GC480 | 186  | 156  | 152
BA in Interior Architecture & Design               | GC490 | AQA  | 112  | 171
BA in Fashion Design                               | GC495 | 110  | 179  | 145
Cork – Level 8
------------------------------------------------------------
Course                                             | Code  | 2022 | 2023 | 2024
------------------------------------------------------------
BA (Hons) in Accounting & Finance                  | GC201 | 298  | —    | —
BSc (Hons) in Computing Science                    | GC202 | 274  | —    | —
BA (Hons) in Business                              | GC203 | 270  | —    | —
BA (Hons) in Accounting & Finance                  | GC301 | 311  | —    | —
BA (Hons) in Business (HRM)                        | GC302 | 288  | —    | AQA
Cork – Level 7
------------------------------------------------------------
Course                                             | Code  | 2022 | 2023 | 2024
------------------------------------------------------------
BSc in Computing                                   | GC205 | 165  | —    | —
BA in Fashion Design                               | GC495 | 119  | —    | 147
Limerick – Level 8
------------------------------------------------------------
Course                                             | Code  | 2022 | 2023 | 2024
------------------------------------------------------------
BA (Hons) in Business                              | GC301 | 270  | —    | —
BA (Hons) in Accounting & Finance                  | GC301 | 298  | —    | —
BA (Hons) in Business (HRM)                        | GC302 | 288  | —    | AQA
Limerick – Level 7
------------------------------------------------------------
Course                                             | Code  | 2022 | 2023 | 2024
------------------------------------------------------------
BA in Communications                               | GC465 | —    | —    | —
BSc in Computing Science (Ord)                     | GC235 | 217  | —    | —

Schools Liaison Officer
Griffith College has dedicated Schools Liaison Officers in Dublin, Cork and Limerick. Our Schools Liaison Officers  are here to help with enquiries from students, parents, guardians, teachers, guidance counsellors, principals and parents’ associations.
Below are some of the initiatives and services that our Schools Liaison team offer:
Opportunity Scholarship
Every year Griffith College awards scholarships to students who show an interest in our courses and can demonstrate an ability or passion for that area. The scholarship is open to any current Leaving Certificate students or those studying on QQI Level 5 courses in Ireland. Northern Ireland school students may also apply. The scholarship is means tested with the aim of providing an equal opportunity for more students to attend an independent college. For further information, common FAQ’s are available on our CAO Hub on the website here: www.griffith.ie/cao You can also email our Schools Liaison Officers directly with the email provided below.
CAO HUB
We have a dedicated CAO Hub on our website where you can learn about life at Griffith College and get information on our undergraduate courses. The information in our CAO Hub is intended to inform prospective students, guidance counsellors and parents of secondary school students curious about colleges. On this hub, you can explore our college videos, which will give you an insight into some of the courses we have on offer. To find out more, please visit: www.griffith.ie/cao
Open Days
Open Days are a great opportunity to visit our campus and talk to our faculty staff and admissions team about the courses we offer. To register for upcoming Open Days, please visit:  www.griffith.ie/opendays
School Visits
Our Schools Liaison Officers are available to visit schools nationwide to inform students about the courses available at Griffith College. Please contact us to request a virtual or face-to-face visit.
Education and Careers Fairs
Griffith College is represented at all the major student and careers fairs across the country.
Schools Liaison Officer Contact:
Phone: +353 1 415 0418
Email: schools@griffith.ie
www.griffith.ie/schools

International Student Information
Griffith College provides career focused education, producing graduates who are highly employable worldwide and who excel in their chosen careers. 
Living in Ireland
Ireland is an exciting place to live and study. Our blend of tradition and contemporary living is unique. We are proud and protective of our ancient culture, yet we have embraced our role as a centre for the digital revolution and international trade. Over 5 million people enjoy our mild, oceanic climate and a landscape that stretches across lakes and mountains, and more than 2,000 miles of coastline, which attracts over 10 million tourists to our shores yearly. In recent years, Ireland has become a global centre for the banking, telecommunications, pharmaceutical and software industries. With an impressively high quality of life and a well-educated workforce, many international companies have set up their European headquarters in the country. Ireland has had one of the highest economic growth rates in the EU, and much of this success can be  attributed to our education system. Our long and impressive academic tradition has been established over many years and, today, the country offers one of the highest standards of education in the world.
The City of Dublin
Dublin continues to be one of Europe’s most vibrant and exciting capitals. It is a university city and home to many renowned centres of learning. A large percentage of the city’s population is under 35 and with many cafes, restaurants, cinemas, music venues, pubs and clubs to choose from, there are few better cities in which to enjoy your time as a student. The city’s mix of cultural and economic success, along with the strength of its literary and musical tradition, makes Dublin an ideal location for study.  At Griffith College Dublin you’ll be right at the heart of it, just a few minutes away from the city centre itself.
Studying in Griffith College: Global Engagement Office
The Global Engagement Office is committed to ensuring excellent support services for the integration of international students into the College. The experienced global staff are available to assist students with any academic or welfare issues they may have. 
Applying for a Study Visa 
If you need a visa to study in Ireland, you must apply to your local Irish Embassy/Consulate. Please contact the Global Engagement Office If there is no Irish Embassy/Consulate in your country of residence. The Griffith College Visa Officer can provide guidance on your visa application. For further information please visit the GC website www.griffith.ie/global or contact the Global Engagement Office by email at global@griffith.ie

Application Guidelines
To make an application to the College you can apply online at www.griffith.ie/apply-online.
Please ensure that you include the following with your application:
• Copies of second level/high school certificates (including all grades achieved in examinations and/or transcripts of grades achieved).
• Copies of university/third level award certificates (where applicable). Provisional certificates must be provided if the award has not yet been issued.
• A transcript of results for all subjects taken at third level must be provided.
• TOEFL/IELTS/Duolingo score sheet or other internationally recognised English language test score if applicable.
• Proof that education was conducted in English if applicable (letter from school/college required).
• Copy of relevant pages of passport.
• CV/Résumé detailing your academic/work history year-by-year with no gaps.
• Statement of Purpose/Student Profile indicating the reasons for your choice of course and why you want to study in Ireland and at Griffith College.
• Two reference letters, at least one of which should be academic i.e., from a professor, lecturer or teacher.
English language entry requirements
Students from countries where English is not the native language must demonstrate that their language level is of a suitable standard. GC can appraise a student’s English language level as follows:
• TOEFL/IELTS/Duolingo (or other): If a student has achieved a satisfactory score in one of these internationally recognized English language tests, they may progress to their chosen programme. (Please see table on the right indicating scores required for GC programmes). Test results older than 2 years will not be accepted.
• English Language Test: Students who are not in possession of an internationally recognised English language test or who have not achieved the required score will be required to complete an English Language Test before a final offer can be given.
There is an Irish Immigration Service requirement for students from certain non-EU countries to have a particular IELTS (or equivalent) score, depending on the course they are applying for, in order for them to be considered for a Study Visa for Ireland. Please contact us for further details. All entry requirements are intended for use as guidelines only. Applicant acceptance is at the discretion of the relevant Griffith College Programme Director. Entry requirements may vary from country to country.
Accommodation
Accommodation is available on campus in the Griffith Halls of Residence. This is a safe and secure environment on the grounds of our historic Dublin campus. Further information about the Griffith Halls of Residence and the application procedure is available on page 29 or on the accommodation website: www.ghr.ie.
Griffith College English Language Entry Requirements
Undergraduate Programmes in Journalism         | CEF B2+ / IELTS 6.5
Undergraduate Programmes in Law                | CEF B2+ / IELTS 6.5
All other Undergraduate Programmes             | CEF B2 / IELTS 6.0
Postgraduate Programmes in Journalism          | CEF C1 / IELTS 7.0
All other Postgraduate Programmes              | CEF B2+ / IELTS 6.5
Working in Ireland - Non-EU Students
Griffith College’s non-EU learners are entitled to work 20 hours per week during term time and 40 hours per week during specified holiday periods. The Irish Immigration Service (ISD) has compiled a register of approved third-level programmes, and students who are registered on these programmes are permitted access to part-time employment. You can view the listing of approved courses on the Irish Immigration Services website www.irishimmigration.ie Additional information is available from our Global Engagement Office on request. It is essential that any part-time work undertaken by learners does not interfere with their studies and that their academic performance is not affected by their part-time employment.

Study Abroad and Erasmus
Our students have access to a global network of partner institutions across Europe, Australia and the USA.
We encourage all students to take advantage of this excellent opportunity to introduce themselves to different cultures, languages and experiences. Immerse yourself in a new environment to grow both personally and academically with support available every step of the way. Griffith College prides itself on its international student community of over 100 nationalities and 140 third level partnerships worldwide. As our international students will testify, there is nothing better than experiencing different countries and cultures firsthand. In an increasingly global employment market, studying abroad can also enhance your future employment prospects, as you will learn about cultural and professional differences in other economies.
Erasmus+ Funding
Griffith College Dublin is an active participant in the EU Erasmus+ mobility programme. Agreements are in place with European institutions in France, Germany and Austria, and the College is continuing to develop additional linkages. For further details please contact the Global Engagement Office at global@griffith.ie.

English Language & International Foundation
Griffith Institute of Language offers English language learning programmes and an International  Certificate in Foundation Studies within a safe and stimulating college environment.
We offer English language programmes in Dublin, Cork Limerick, these include, General English, Business English, English for Academic Purposes and Exam Preparation. Apply today and prepare to experience language learning in an exciting and immersive environment. Griffith Institute of Language is accredited by ACELS, under the auspices of Quality and Qualifications Ireland, for English language teaching (ELT). Griffith Institute of Language is a member of English Language Education Ireland, a quality-driven, experienced and globally respected group of international English Language Schools. For our full selection of programmes please visit www.griffith.ie/faculties/griffith-institute-language
For learners looking to enrol on Griffith College degree programmes but do not meet the language requirements Griffith Institute of Language offers an English for Academic Purposes (EAP) programme that includes extensive cultural and academic orientation,  as well as core language skill development.
Learners with a higher level of English can develop their language skills in specific areas related to their continued study or professional development by choosing Gap /Exchange programme. On this programme Academic modules are carefully selected from Griffith College’s undergraduate programmes, they are then supported with 15 hours of Academic English in our language institute. Modules include but are not limited to: 
• Introduction to Photography (Journalism Faculty)
• Understanding Society (Journalism Faculty)
• Event Management (Business Faculty)
• E-Business (Business Faculty) 
Participation in academic modules is subject to availability and dependent on the language level of the learners. For more information: Email: gil@griffith.ie Website: www.griffith.ie/faculties/griffith-institute-language
Certificate in International Foundation Studies
The Certificate in International Foundation Studies (CIFS) is a QQI level 5 programme tailored to specific subject discipline areas (Business and Science) and combines academic study, intensive English language preparation, study skills and cultural orientation. It is available to students who plan to enrol on a higher education programme but do not meet the academic and/or English language entry requirements. The programme is delivered through the medium of English. This programme runs over five days, Monday– Friday. On average, the programme involves 22 hours per week of direct contact time. Students may choose three electives in either the Business or Science stream or a mix of Science and Business electives. The Study Skills component of the programme is essential preparation for university life, helping students to work effectively in groups, present ideas, manage their time, conduct research, take lecture notes, learn how to structure essays and present academic writing and understand how to evaluate their own work.

Griffith Halls of Residence
(GHR) is Griffith College’s on-site student accommodation provider. It is located to the rear of the campus, on landscaped College grounds overlooking the Grand Canal.
Just 20 minutes walk from St. Stephen’s Green in Dublin’s city centre, GHR’s enviable central location is ideal for students studying at Griffith College, South Circular Road. Griffith Halls of Residence have been sensitively designed to complement and reflect the historical significance of the campus as a whole while offering comfortable, modern living with 24-hour security for Residents. The Halls of Residence is built in two blocks, which consist of 172 apartments and provide accommodation for over 660 students during the academic year and over the summer months. The majority of apartments typically contain two twin rooms and a shared living space. There are also a number of single rooms available in shared apartments. Apartments are available throughout the academic year, which runs from September to June. Either the full accommodation fee or 55% of the fee should be paid in advance to secure a booking. Prices and details of our room types can be found at https://www.griffith.ie/ghr/rooms. Students are required to initially pay an Application Fee (by either Bank Transfer or Draft/Cheque/Postal Order/Debit Card). Students also have to sign a Lease Agreement for the period requested. In addition, specific rules and regulations will apply.
For further information
Our Virtual Tour, and details on rates etc., please contact us at:
Website: www.griffith.ie/GHR
Phone:+353 1 416 3320
Email: live@griffith.ie
• Each student is provided with a single bed, bedside locker, wardrobe, study desk, chair and waste paper bin. The rooms are fully carpeted.
• Each two-bedroom apartment typically has two bathrooms, one of which is en-suite.
• The living area has two couches, a coffee table, dining table and chairs.
• The kitchen is equipped with a hob, oven, toaster, microwave, fridge, freezer, iron and ironing board, cleaning equipment, cooking pots, storage cupboards and an electric kettle.
• Each apartment has an average floor area of 58 square metres, is tastefully decorated and has controllable heating.
• Lighting, heating, refuse, cleaning of communal areas and water rates are built into the price of the accommodation subject to fair use.
• Residents have access to free WiFi Internet throughout the complex.
• Bed linen and crockery/cutlery can be at an additional cost
• Fun events organised for Residents on a regular basis.
• On-site accommodation team
• 24-hour security personnel on-site and CCTV system
• On-site maintenance team
• On-campus restaurant
• Four elevators per block
• On-site laundry facilities (coin/card/app operated, additional charges apply)
• Apartment specific post-boxes
• Access to the building is controlled by unique security key fobs personalised for each student
• Underground car/bike park

Student Life at Griffith College
As part of a full student experience at Griffith College, there is a wide choice of clubs and societies to join. Check out the Griffith College Activities Team at Griffith College Dublin for more information.
Sports and Societies
The range of active sports and societies on campus continues to grow on an annual basis. Students are encouraged to approach the Sports and Societies’ Officer with any ideas for new sports and societies. Schedules for all sports and societies are available from the Activities Team office. The Sports and Societies Officer is available to provide information and to offer guidance and advice. A comprehensive range of sports is offered to suit the needs and interests of the student body. Griffith College Dublin’s range of sports clubs and societies is continuously expanding. There are many sports clubs, including basketball, volleyball, soccer and table tennis. All these sports cater for men and women. Sporting facilities are provided in several off-campus locations. Students may learn about and join the various sports and societies during Freshers’ Week, which is held during the first week of term. The College offers basketball scholarships for suitably qualified and experienced students. For more information, please contact basketball@griffith.ie.
Some of the Sports & Societies available from the Activities Team are Soccer, Basketball, Pool, Beer Pong, Film, Volleyball, Badminton.
The Students’ Union
The Students’ Union is a space for students that is run by students. In Griffith College, the SU is made up of a President and 2 Vice-Presidents, who work on student campaigns, events, class reps and ensuring that the students of Griffith College are represented and their voice is heard. In the Students’ Union building, students may enjoy the use of a games room, including X-box and PlayStation, TV and chill zones, kitchen, pool tables and table tennis. As well as being a location to relax, you can also avail of the Student Leap Card printing service. The Students’ Union staff also regularly attracts promotional sponsorship, and all events are advertised well in advance. Events include Freshers’ Week, Charity events, and the seasonal Halloween, Christmas and Refresher events. The Students’ Union, is also responsible for the Societies on offer. In most cases, societies are organised by students, and are an opportunity to develop organisiational, fundraising and social skills. Students are encouraged to get involved and to start new societies here in Griffith College.

The Griffith College Activities Team organises a wide range of student events throughout the academic year providing affordable, quality entertainment in a safe and student-friendly atmosphere.
The Griffith Activities Team organise the ‘Wellness Series’ throughout the year, focusing on areas such as mental and physical health for students. They also organise the event which is the highlight of the year; the annual Griffith Ball, where students get the chance to party in style and celebrate the end of the academic year. The Griffith College Activities Team hosts three discovery trips each semester, two overnight and one day trip. Semester one usually starts with the day trip to the picturesque Glendalough and Kilkenny Castle. This is then followed by the first overnight trip setting off for an idyllic part of Ireland to visit some of the great attractions Ireland has to offer, seeing the sights of Cork, Killarney, Lahinch and all that’s in between, and of course, another Activities Team arranged night out or two. The third trip of the semester involves a weekend at an adventure centre where students get the opportunity to test themselves at rock-climbing, canoeing, bog walking zip-lining and much more and of course, an obligatory SU night out in the middle of it all. Semester two usually sees the team heading to the West of Ireland, and going to many of the infamous locations Ireland has to offer, including Galway and Mayo.. For the next trip of the year, they bring students to the west coast of Ireland and the idyllic town of Lahinch, Co. Clare for the annual surf trip. The last trip of the year sees students visit the Giants Causeway for the semester two day trip.
Entertainment and Events at Griffith College Cork 
Griffith College Cork Student Union organize various trips throughout the year, providing affordable, quality entertainment in a safe and student-friendly environment. Trips to local attractions such as Killarney National Park and Blarney are regularly undertaken by our international students. The highlight event of the year is the Annual Griffith College End of Year Ball in Dublin. Social events such as movie and games nights are regularly held throughout the year. 
Entertainment and Events at Griffith College Limerick
Griffith College Limerick offers a comprehensive social calendar distributed monthly to students. Events are organised by our social coordinator and available to all students. Events range from sports, cultural activities, day trips, overnight trips and nights out in the local bars. Students can also join GCL’s soccer team. Griffith students also participate in Freshers’ week, charity events, and the seasonal Halloween and Christmas events. Griffith College Limerick students have the opportunity to attend the annual Griffith Ball in Dublin, where students can celebrate the end of the academic year. Recent highlights in Griffith College
• Women’s Basketball team Division 1 League Champions
• Men’s Basketball Division 1 Champions
• Men’s Football team reached the league and Cup finals
• Badminton Team reached league Semi-Final
• GCD student selected to represent Ireland with The Irish Colleges & Universities Football Team vs  French Universities Team

Student Services Dublin
We support our students by providing a range of services and facilities to ensure a smooth experience for the duration of their time here. 
Urban Square Food Co. 
Urban Square offers full catering on our South Circular Road Campus. The restaurant and cafe provide a wide variety of breakfast, lunch and beverage options. 
IT Support & Computing Facilities
The College provides an Office 365 account for all students. This gives student access to an email account, online cloud storage and access to the Microsoft Office suite. Our South Circular Road Campus has five Mac Labs and thirteen PC Labs, equipped with the latest iMac and PC desktops, complimented by black & white, colour and 3D printers and Augmented Reality hardware. See www.griffith.ie/it for more information
Lecture Recording Service
Recording facilities are available in lecture rooms throughout the campus. This facility allows lecturers to record their lecture as it is being delivered. The recording can then be uploaded to the College’s virtual learning environment, Moodle. Students can then have access to that content at all times. The recording facility also allows student on some courses to view the live stream from any location.
Car Parking
Registered students with parking permits may use the parking facilities when available free of charge.
Disability Services
The College is committed to maintaining a supportive environment whereby students are encouraged and facilitated, enabling them to maximise their potential, both educationally and socially. Students with ongoing disabilities such as learning difficulties, ongoing illness, physical difficulties, mental health difficulties and sensory disabilities can access additional support from the College. New applicants are asked to disclose this in their application form. Current students are asked to discuss their needs and requirements with their Programme Director.
Fitness Room
The College has a fitness room that is available to all students in the College. The Fitness Room is located in the B Block, just off the main reception. The room contains various cardiovascular equipment most notably elliptical cross trainers, exercise bikes and treadmills. The room also has weight machines. There are male and female changing rooms which are equipped with hot showers and secure lockers for gym gear.
Student Counsellor Support
A professional counsellor is available to any student experiencing personal difficulties. The service is completely confidential and free of charge. Appointments can be arranged to take place in person, over the phone or over zoom calls. Students who wish to meet with a counsellor can make an appointment by: 
• Email: counselling@griffith.ie
• Text or call: 087 4360032
• Visit the Student’s Union and arrange an appointment
This service operates from 9:00am to 9:00pm
Monday to Friday and 9:00am to 1:00pm on Saturday’s throughout the semester. Students will receive an automatic reply confirming receipt of their communication, and our aim is to set up an appointment within 24 hours.
Health/Medical Services
The College has an arrangement with a local medical practice which recognises the European Health Insurance card and will also offer a 10% student discount for students who don’t have the card.  Information about the doctor is supplied by the Students’ Union.
Library
The Library service is here to help all our learners get the best from their time in Griffith, no matter where you are studying. We have a full range of relevant textbooks to support the courses in the College as well as extended research materials including journals and databases of academic publications, and document supply and access to the world’s scholarship. We have printing, scanning, and copying facilities, PCs and Wi-Fi. Our team are here to help you in your transition to academia, including assistance in finding relevant information and resources for your courses and assignments. We also provide group and individual tutorials in aspects of academic integrity, including referencing and citation as well as support for computer tools to assist with the research and writing process. Services include:
• Support with online services and information
• Tutorials and training on academic integrity, referencing, and citation
• Help selecting resources
Resources include:
• Textbooks
• Databases/journals
• PCs, printing, scanning and copying 
Online learning supports:
• library.griffith.ie
• books.griffith.ie
• Griffith Library YouTube
• Griffith Library Moodle
• go.griffith.ie
Most of our resources are accessible from our website library.griffith.ie and our catalogue (including ebooks) is on books.griffith.ie 
Induction 
An Induction day takes places for all new full-time students. Induction will introduce students to key staff members such as Faculty Heads, the President, Student Services, the Admissions and International Office representatives. The Students Union present on the day to give students a taste of student life at Griffith. Part-time and Blended students also have individual inductions for their respective courses.
Learning Portal & Student Portal
My Griffith is our student portal and it is the central resource for all your college needs and provides students with access to services such as online registration, payments, exam results etc. Moodle is the virtual learning environment or platform we use for programme documents, online resources and activities.

Student Services Cork
Library & Computer Services
The library at Griffith College Cork gives students access to a wide range of information through  various forms such as printed textbooks, online eBooks, online databases and different forms of multimedia. The College’s virtual learning environment – Moodle, gives students access to a wide range of legal, accounting, business, computing, marketing and pharmaceutical business journals and online resources. The College provides an Office 365 account for all students. This gives students an email account, online cloud storage and access to the Microsoft office Suite. . All computing resources are maintained by the College’s IT services department.
Car Parking
Registered students with parking permits may use the parking facilities when available free of charge.
St Luke’s Cross
The College is located in the St Luke’s area of Cork City. St Luke’s is home to a variety of coffee shops, bars and restaurants, all of which are within a minutes’ walk of the College campus.
Learning Portal & Student Portal
MyGriffith is our student portal and is the central resource for all your college needs and provides students with access to services such as online registration, payments, exam results etc. Moodle if the virtual learning environment or platform we use for programme documents, online resources and activities.
Student Health & Well-Being Services
Cork City Medical Centre, which is located on Patrick’s Street, is the recommended medical centre for our students. The College also has an arrangement with a local counselling service. This service is available to assist students with any difficulties that they may be having, either related to their studies or otherwise and is discounted for all Griffith College Cork students.
Careers Office
The careers office is here to help you make the transition from college to the world of work. Here you can access career resources, career and industry news and events, career coaching and job vacancies. All students and recent graduates can avail of career coaching. For further information: Phone: 021 450 7027

Student Services Limerick
Academic Support Services
As well as state of the art teaching facilities. students can expect cutting-edge on-line resources at Griffith College Limerick. These include: My Griffith (provides online registration, online payments, faculty contact details, as well as links to other systems and services), Moodle (provides, programme notes, videos, assignments, timetables, schedules, assessment feedback and results), the online Library (see details below) and Themis where learners can access their exam results. Our students also enjoy field trips to industry, visits to discipline-related fairs, as well as expert guest speakers on-campus and online. Revision and tutorial sessions are provided for students as required. The campus also provides assistance with employment, both during study and on graduation. Programme Directors are available to offer guidance and support to students during their academic journey. Our team of lecturers are committed to ensuring that all students maximise their academic potential. English language support classes are available to those who need to improve their writing skills or command of the English language. Student representatives are appointed to liaise with the Programme Directors, to ensure any challenges or issues our student groups are experiencing are resolved in a timely manner. 
Library Service
The vibrant and newly refurbished Library at Griffith College Limerick, provides access to an extensive range of materials to support student’s learning and make the most of their time at Griffith College. Our library offers a diverse collection of printed texts, available to borrow or reference, online databases, e-books, and multimedia resources to support our wide range of academic disciplines. Wi-Fi is available throughout, access to PCs, private study spaces, PowerPoints for electronic devices, scanners, printers, and copiers, ensure students have everything they need for their academic journey. Our trained librarian is available to guide students through the vast resources available, provide assignment support and to assist with any referencing and information sourcing queries. All of these resources are also available remotely via the library’s website https://library.griffith.ie/ where students can learn about booking Drop-In sessions for one-on-one support with library staff online or on campus. Our Librarian welcomes you to a world of knowledge and support at the Library – “your key to success at Griffith College Limerick!” 
Health and Wellbeing Services
The mental and emotional wellbeing of our students is of the utmost importance to the College. The College counsellor offers one-one counselling sessions to students who are experiencing difficulties. To encourage interaction between different student groups and support wellbeing, events such as coffee mornings, cultural events and day trips are organised on a regular basis. Details of these events will be posted on the college noticeboards throughout the year. Other supports are available College-wide. We encourage students to advise us of any individual supports they require as early as possible in their educational journey with us. There are many medical serviceslocated in Limerick city,  including walk-in doctor services. These include Doctor 365 Limerick Walk-In, Medi Centre etc. A quick Google search will locate all of these services. Reception can also provide this information. A local pharmacy offers a 10% discount on all prescriptions to Griffith College Limerick students. In the event of an accident or emergency the University College Hospital (UCH) is three kilometres from the College, while Saint John’s Hospital is 1.7 kilometres away. Additional information on health and wellbeing is available in the student handbook that is distributed during induction. The full list of supports available to students can be found on the Student Support section of the Griffith College Limerick website. 
Student Recreation Services
A modern Recreation Room is provided for students where they can relax, study, browse the internet on the PC’s provided, or on their laptops via Wi-Fi. They can also watch multi-channel television. A kitchen area with a microwave, fridge, filtered water / tea / coffee station is also provided in the Recreation Room, along with a vending machine providing drinks and snacks. Students can also play pool in the Student Union Office, situated next door to the Recreation Room, or just use it as a chill-out space. As a student city, Limerick features restaurants, shops and many other student amenities within a short walk of the campus. The Student Union organises regular leisure activities, including trips to popular tourist spots, quiz nights, pool competitions, chess competitions, student get-togethers etc. Griffith College Limerick merchandise is also available from the Student Union.
Teaching, Learning and IT Services
Campus Connectivity: The college provides a high-speed broadband connection campus-wide. Students can access the internet anywhere on campus for research, communication, and collaboration purposes. Computer Labs: There are three computer labs on campus with high-spec computers which allows students to access the internet, use a diverse range of software, work on assignments or collaborate on projects. Classroom Audio-Visual Equipment: To ensure lectures are delivered to the highest possible standard each lecture room, at a minimum, is equipped with a high-spec PC, a projector, and a whiteboard. In the event that lectures need to be streamed, the Zoom software, a noise reducing microphone and a high definition video camera are used to facilitate this. Lecture Rooms: Larger lecture rooms contain multiple screens and speakers to ensure all students can hear and see the information being presented. To enhance lecture delivery and the student’s learning experience, most lecture rooms feature interactive Avocor screens. For further information: Phone: 061 310031


Undergraduate Courses

Psychology
Best Bits of Psychology
1.	Highly Qualified Faculty : Learn from distinguished experts in the field! Our Psychology faculty boasts a team of lecturers with high academic profiles, including PhD holders recognized for their contributions & research in psychology.
2.	Diverse Range of Subjects : Explore fascinating areas of psychology throughout your studies, including neuropsychology, personality and individual differences, cognitive psychology, developmental psychology, social psychology, and more.
3.	Small Class Sizes : A good learner/lecturer ratio ensures that learners will get mentoring and one-to-one attention required to maximise their learning.
4.	Exciting Career Pathways : Graduates develop the skills to unlock diverse career opportunities in areas such as research and evaluation, mental health coaching, education and beyond.
5.	Stepping Stone for Further Education : The Computing Faculty lecturing staff have a high academic profile with PhD holders distinguished in their fields.
6.	Recognised Accreditation : The programme is accredited by the Psychology Society of Ireland, and students are eligible to apply for PSI membership upon graduation

BA (Hons) in Psychology DUBLIN
About the Programme
This programme offers a solid foundation in the five pillars of psychology:
• Biological (includes neuroscience, consciousness, and sensation)
• Cognitive (includes the study of perception, cognition, memory, and intelligence)
• Developmental (includes learning and conditioning, lifespan development, and language)
• Social and Personality (includes the study of personality, emotion, motivation, gender, and culture)
• Mental and Physical Health (includes abnormal psychology, therapy, and health psychology)
It also has a focus on real-world applications. It’s designed to prepare learners for a variety of careers in psychology, as well as other fields where communication, analytical thinking, critical thinking and problem-solving are key. Throughout the programme, learners will study core areas of psychology, including Biological Bases of Behaviour, Cognitive Psychology, Developmental Psychology, Neuropsychology, Mental Health, and more. You’ll also engage with specialised areas such as Educational Psychology and Counselling and Psychotherapy, providing a broad perspective on the field and its career opportunities. Alongside subject knowledge, the programme will help learners build the professional and personal skills required for academic and career success, including critical thinking, research skills, and problem-solving. A strong emphasis is placed on research and the scientific methods used in psychology. Learners will gain experience by conducting psychological research and learning to collect and analyse data using various research methods including qualitative, quantitative and scientific experimental approaches. This culminates in a final-year independent research project, allowing learners to apply the learning to a  topic of interest. In addition, the programme supports ethical awareness and wellbeing. 
Program Delivery
The programme is offered in two delivery formats to accommodate different learning needs:
FULL-TIME
The full-time programme, is for a total duration of 3 years. And it is perfect for school leavers looking to pursue a career in Psychology. The classes are over four days per week in person.
PART-TIME
The part-time (blended) programme is 4 years programme. With a mix of online and in-person learning. The classes take place in two evening lectures per week online and one in-person class per month on campus, usually on weekends to accommodate learners who are returning to education and managing other commitments like work and family.
Program Content
STAGE 1
• Biological Bases of Human Behaviour
• Developmental Psychology
• Cognitive Psychology 1
• Personality and Individual Differences 1
• Research Methods
• Historical and Philosophical Foundations
• Academic and Professional Development (APD)
• The Creative Mind
STAGE 2
• Adulthood and Ageing
• Social Psychology
• Cognitive Psychology 2
• Personality and Individual Differences 2
• Research Methods and Laboratory Practicals in Psychology
• Educational Psychology
• Academic and Professional Development (APD) 2
• Lifelong Learning in the 21st century
STAGE 3
• Neuropsychology
• Mental health and Psychopathology
• Independent Research Project
• Counselling and Psychotherapy
• Academic and Professional Development (APD)3
• Special Education: inclusion and Diversity
Careers
Whether learners are aiming for a career as a professional psychologist or want to explore postgraduate opportunities, this programme equips you with the relevant knowledge and skills. The programme offers graduate status, giving you the foundation to pursue professional recognition and further studies. Graduates can apply their skills directly in psychology or leverage transferable skills like communications, research, and critical thinking in other fields such as education, marketing, wellbeing, coaching and more. Following are the career options for those with a degree in psychology (further study may be required):
• Forensic psychology
• Clinical psychology
• Sports psychology
• Counsellor
• Employee Relations Officer
• Guidance counsellor
• Human Resources
• Marketing
• Academia & Research

Business
Courses
BA(Hons) in Business
BA (Hons) in Business (Marketing)*
BA (Hons) in Business (HRM)*
BA (Hons) in Accounting and Finance*
BA (Hons) in Procurement and Supply Chain Management
Diploma in Procurement and Supply Chain Management
Certificate in Procurement and Supply Chain Management
Micro-Credential Courses in Procurement and Supply Chain Management
1. Certificate in Intelligent Technologies in Procurement & Supply Chain 4.0
2. Certificate in Public Procurement
3. Certificate in Sustainability & the Circular Economy

Best Bits of Griffith Business
1.	Professional Accountancy Body Exemptions : Graduates of the honours business and accounting and finance programmes at Griffith obtain excellent exemptions from the ACCA, CAI (ACA) and CPA. Those who complete the BA (Hons) in Accounting and Finance  programme may qualify for up to 9 exemptions from ACCA while those from the BA (Hons) in Business programme may qualify for up to 4 exemptions from ACCA (pending professional body review).
2.	Teaching Council Recognition : The BA (Hons) in Business programmes are recognized by the Teaching Council of Ireland for the teaching of Business at second level by graduates applying on an individual basis
3.	Personal Attention : Personal attention provided along with an excellent student/lecturer ratio.
4.	Progression Routes : Transfer and progression opportunities are available across all programmes within the faculty. On successful completion of all level 8 programmes learners will have the opportunity to progress on to postgraduate and/or professional level studies.
5.	Dedicated Careers Advisor :  Griffith has its own career advisor who is available to support learners with their applications for full time positions, graduate roles or internships. In addition learners can access the Griffith Online Careers Vacancies Board for advice and positions. All roles posted here have been sent in directly from the employers and it is continuously updated as roles are received.

BA (Hons) in Business DUBLIN CORK LIMERICK
BA (Hons) in Business (Marketing) DUBLIN LIMERICK
BA (Hons) in Business (HRM) DUBLIN LIMERICK
Apply direct: www.griffith.ie
Course duration: Full-Time 3 years, Part-Time 3 Years, Blended 3 years
Award Level: Level 8
Validated by: QQI
About the Course
This honours degree programme will help learners to appreciate fully the vital business roles played by finance, accounting, marketing, human resource management and information technology. In addition, graduates will be shown how the ever-changing business environment is influenced by political, legal, economic, social and technological factors on both a national and international scale. In first year, learners take subjects that are common to the first year of the BA (Hons) in Accounting and Finance. This model gives learners the flexibility to adjust their degree choice, if necessary, after year one. The purpose of the programme is to give learners the business skills that are in demand by companies today. In a complex and dynamic environment learners will be able to identify changes in business requirements, and have the confidence to develop and implement new procedures to satisfy them. Learners will also be able to recognise the key characteristics governing a particular company and then identify the factors that are critical to its success. The programme syllabus, developed by Griffith College and validated by QQI, reflects the multiple requirements of today’s business world. The participation and support of full-time and external lecturing staff, from a wide range of industries, has made a vital contribution to the degree’s content.
BA (Hons) in Business (Marketing)
The BA (Hons) in Business (Marketing) offers learners an opportunity to specialise in the area of marketing in the final year of their degree. While the broad scope of the programme means that learners also gain a deep understanding of the many aspects of the world of business. Marketing is central to all business activities - whether in a large multinational or in a small local business. The purpose of any business is to meet consumers’ needs and wants while making a profit. This programme can open doors to a number of exciting and challenging careers. These include, but are not limited to; advertising, public relations, sales management, market research, retailing, product design and development, and branding.
BA (Hons) in Business (HRM)
The BA (Hons) in Business (HRM) allows the learner to specialise in areas of Human Resource Management in the final year of their degree. This follows on from gaining a deep understanding of the world of business in the first two years of the programme. Significant developments in the business environment have led to an increased demand for human resource management practitioners. Learners who successfully complete this programme can apply the knowledge and skills which they have gained on the programme to a wide range of business sectors. 
Progression
Upon successful completion of their honours degree programme, graduates may wish to continue their studies with a postgraduate qualification in Griffith College or with one of the many third level instutions in Ireland or abroad. 
Course Content
STAGE 1
Semester I: Introduction to Management Accounting, Principles of Micro Economics, Technologies for Business, Business Management, Optimising Your Potential In Higher Education
Semester II: Principles of Macro Economics, Marketing Fundamentals, Business Maths and Statistics, Financial Accounting
STAGE 2
Semester I: Operations and Supply Chain Management, Managing Organisational Behaviour, Business Law and Ethics, Personal and Professional Development.
Semester II: Human Resource Management, Introduction to Entrepreneurship, Digital Communications and Customer Engagement, Business Systems Analysis.
STAGE 3
Semester I: Strategic Management, Financial Management + 2 Electives.
Semester II: Business Plan, Global Business Environment + 2 Electives.
STAGE 3 ELECTIVES*
Four electives must be chosen. Global Marketing, Consumer Behaviour in a Digital Era, Selling Negotiating and Sales Management, 21st Century Branding and Marketing Communication, Financial data Analysis, Audit and Assurance, Advanced Financial Management, Corporate Governance and Professional Ethics, Digital Disruption in Business, Project Management, International HRM, Employee relations, Managing and Rewarding Performance, Talent Development.
* Electives are offered subject to demand.
**Learners undertaking the BA (Hons) in Business (Marketing) and the BA (Hons) in Business (HRM) will be required to undertake four electives from the Marketing or HRM streams respectively.
Careers
The varied and in-depth content of these courses means that graduate prospects and opportunities are virtually endless. Electives/Specialisations in the final year are a platform on which a career in this area can commence. Specialisations include management, HRM, finance or marketing.

BA (Hons) in Accounting and Finance DUBLIN CORK LIMERICK
Apply direct: www.griffith.ie
Course duration: Full-Time 3 years, Part-Time 3 Years, Blended 3 years
Award Level: Level 8
Validated by: QQI
About the course
Throughout the BA (Hons) Degree in Accounting and Finance, you will develop the analytical techniques, economic expertise and strategic insight needed for a successful career within financial and business sectors. You will also learn how to practically apply your accounting knowledge and skills to inform strategic business decisions and create added value for stakeholders. The programme explores the theory and practical application of all accounting and finance systems, while also providing a thorough grounding in business management and modern technology. Fluency in technology is a highly coveted skill in the current accounting and finance environment, which is a key component of this programme. You will develop a deep understanding of the business, legal and socio-economic environments in which finance and accounting operate. The programme will also help you build fluency in the technical languages and practices of the financial and accounting sectors. Upon completion, you will have acquired all the necessary skills to pursue a dynamic and rewarding career in your desired field. Whether you wish to become an accountant, financial analyst or start your own business, this programme will help you to achieve your ambition. Our BA (Hons) Degree in Accounting and Finance will provide you with the technological, analytical and managerial skills required for a dynamic and successful career in business.
Progression
Graduates of this programme may wish to pursue postgraduate studies in our Graduate Business School. They may also gain substantial examination exemptions from the professional accountancy bodies. Such programmes are available on a part-time and full-time basis, allowing graduates the flexibility to work while continuing their studies.
Careers
Accounting and finance are vital components of all successful businesses and organisations. This degree programme is designed to transform highly capable individuals into financial professionals, equipped to pursue successful careers across a broad range of industries.
Course Content
STAGE 1
Semester I: Introduction to Management Accounting, Principles of Micro Economics, Technologies for Business, Business Management, Optimising Your Potential In Higher Education.
Semester II: Principles of Macro Economics, Marketing Fundamentals, Business Maths and Statistics, Financial Accounting.
STAGE 2
Semester I: Business and Company Law, Financial Accounting and Analysis, Financial Management and Analysis, Personal and Professional Development.
Semester II: Accounting and Finance Technologies, International Financial Reporting, Management Accounting, Simulated Business Project.
STAGE 3
Semester I: Corporate Finance, Corporate Governance and Professional Ethics, Income Tax and VAT, International Corporate Reporting + 1 Elective 
Semester II: Business Reporting and Analysis, Performance Management, Strategic Management Concepts + 2 Electives.
STAGE 3 ELECTIVES* [Choose three]
Contemporary Issues in Accounting and Finance, Financial Data Analysis, Audit and Assurance, Corporation Tax and Capital Gains Tax, Portfolio Theory Analysis, Valuation and Security Analysis, Digital Disruption in Business, Project Management
*Electives are offered subject to demand.
Professional Body Exemptions
Professional Body | Exemptions                                             | To be completed              | Expected Timeframe
------------------|---------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------|---------------------
ACCA              | Fundamental Level (9 papers)                           | All of Professional Level (4 papers) | 1 Year
CPA               | Foundation Level, Professional Level (Subject to Electives Taken) | Strategic Level              | 1 Year
CAI (ACA)         | Cap 1                                                  | CAP 2 and FAE                 | 2 Years

BA (Hons) in Procurement and Supply Chain Management DUBLIN LIMERICK
Apply direct: www.griffith.ie
Course duration: Part time blended, 3 years
Award Level: Level 8 (180 ECTS)
Validated by: QQI
Course Details
The Bachelor of Arts (Honours) in Procurement and Supply Chain Management is designed to produce graduates who are work-ready, knowledgeable and competent in a range of key procurement and supply chain management disciplines, while also strong in soft skills such as communication, teamwork and working autonomously. This programme aims to provide graduates with an in-depth understanding of procurement, supply chain and business management functions. Successful completion of the programme will equip learners with the knowledge and competencies needed to be a reflective leader and a professional and ethical procurement and supply chain manager, ready to address global challenges. Participants will gain insights into best practices in procurement and supply chain management tools, methods, and techniques. They will acquire and develop operational and strategic capabilities and competencies in contemporary procurement and supply chain management. During the programme, learners will be introduced to the complexities of modern and sustainable supply chains and manage the interconnected relationships amongthe different supply chain players and supply networks in a global context. In addition, the programme will facilitate learners to develop the skills needed to work independently and collaboratively in diverse global procurement and supply chain environments and culture.
Course Delivery
The blended mode of delivery offers learners a more flexible learning environment and provides an opportunity for those living outside the greater Dublin area to study in Griffith College. “Blended learning” incorporates weekly video lectures which are uploaded to an online virtual learning platform to be reviewed at learners’ convenience with weekly virtual activities to be completed on topics covered. There are weekly tutorial-style live “webinars” using the most up-to-date conferencing technology. E-learning is “blended” with “live” Saturday classroom-based workshops, which take place monthly. Learners visit the Dublin campus on a monthly basis, however, they have access to all facilities provided to full-time and part-time learners throughout the academic year, as well as the option of participating in the wide range of extra-curricular activities undertaken by full-time and part-time business learners at Griffith College.
Entry Requirements
The programme is designed for learners who hold a Leaving Certificate, or have an equivalent qualification and/or experience. Those who currently hold the Certificate/Diploma in Procurement and Supply Chain Management may gain entry through RPL with exemptions. Similarly, mature learners with experience may apply for exemptions/entry through the RPL process.
Course Content
STAGE 1
Business Mathematics and Statistics; Business Accounting; Principles of Economics; Marketing Fundamentals; Business Communications; Purchasing and Procurement; Introduction to Supply Chain Management; Business and Operations Management
STAGE 2
Project Management; Financial Management; Business Law and Ethics; Personal and Professional Development; Technology, Data Management and Analysis; Commercial Relationships; International Trade Transport and Distribution; Strategic Procurement; Negotiation
STAGE 3
Strategic Management; Governance, Risk and Ethics; Research Dissertation (including Research Methods); Sustainability and the Circular Economy; Strategic Supply Management and Innovation; Plus 4 Electives
Electives
Inventory Management; Customs and Regulations; Public Sector Procurement; Public Procurement Project Management; Intelligent Technologies in Procurement and Supply Chain 4.0; Retail Channel Management; Human Resource Management; Talent Development

Diploma in Procurement and Supply Chain Management DUBLIN
Apply direct: www.griffith.ie
Course duration: Part time blended, 1 year
Award Level: QQI level 7 (60 ECTS)
Validated by: QQI
About the Course
The Diploma in Procurement and Supply Chain Management is designed for those who wish to pursue and advance their career in a procurement and supply chain related role. Graduates of this course will be equipped with advanced knowledge and awareness of sustainable procurement policies and practices within organisations across a wide range of industries. Learners on the programme develop theoretical and practical knowledge of the role of procurement and supply chain management in organisations. They will acquire and develop operational and strategic competencies in contemporary procurement and supply chain management, along with gaining insights into best practices in procurement and supply chain management tools, methods, and techniques. During the programme, learners will be introduced to the complexities of modern and sustainable supply chains and manage the interconnected relationships among the different supply chain players and supply networks in a global context. In addition, the programme will facilitate learners to develop the skills needed to work independently and collaboratively in diverse global procurement and supply chain environments and culture.
Entry Requirements
The programme is designed for learners who hold a Leaving Certificate, or have an equivalent qualification and/or experience. This programme is aimed at learners who currently hold the Certificate in Procurement and Supply Chain Management, or an NFQ Level 6 cognate qualification(s), and wish to achieve a Diploma at Level 7 on the NFQ in advanced procurement and supply chain management through RPL with exemptions.
Progression
The programme provides a progression path for holders of the related certificate award and provides advanced entry for learners onto the BA (Hons) degree. 
Course Delivery
The blended mode of delivery offers learners a more flexible learning environment and provides an opportunity for those living outside the greater Dublin area to study in Griffith College. “Blended learning” incorporates weekly video lectures which are uploaded to an online virtual learning platform to be reviewed at learners’ convenience with weekly virtual activities to be completed on topics covered. There are weekly tutorial-style live “webinars” using the most up-to-date conferencing technology. E-learning is “blended” with “live” Saturday classroom-based workshops, which take place monthly. Learners visit the Dublin campus on a monthly basis, however, they have access to all facilities provided to full-time and part-time learners throughout the academic year, as well as the option of participating in the wide range of extra-curricular activities undertaken by full-time and part-time business learners at Griffith College. Blended delivery offers the learners the flexibility to learn at their own pace in a manner suitable for their circumstances and tuition from industry and academic experts ensures learners gain the academic and practical skills necessary to function successfully in junior procurement and supply chain roles. 
Course Content
STAGE 1
Purchasing and Procurement, Introduction to Supply Chain Management, Business and Operations Management
STAGE 2
Technology, Data Management and Analysis, Commercial Relationships, Strategic Procurement, Negotiation

Certificate in Procurement and Supply Chain Management DUBLIN
Apply direct: www.griffith.ie
Course duration: Part time blended, 1 year
Award Level: QQI level 6 (30 ECTS)
Validated by: QQI
About the Course
The Certificate in Procurement and Supply Chain Management programme provides learners with an introduction to the role and function of procurement and supply chain management within  organisations across a wide range of industries and service providers. Learners on the programme gain basic factual and theoretical knowledge and awareness of the procurement and supply chain management field. They gain practical skills and relevant information to carry out procurement and supply chain related tasks and activities to complete work under supervision. The programme provides learners with an intellectually challenging and stimulating education in the discipline and motivates them towards a career in the field and more advanced education and training. During the programme, learners will be introduced to the complexities of modern and sustainable supply chains and manage the interconnected relationships among the different supply chain players and supply networks in a global context. In addition, the programme will facilitate learners to develop the skills needed to work independently and collaboratively in diverse global procurement and supply chain environments and culture.
Course Delivery
The blended mode of delivery offers learners a more flexible learning environment and provides an opportunity for those living outside the greater Dublin area to study in Griffith College. “Blended learning” incorporates weekly video lectures which are uploaded to an online virtual learning platform to be reviewed at learners’ convenience with weekly virtual activities to be completed on topics covered. There are weekly tutorial-style live “webinars” using the most up-to-date conferencing technology. E-learning is “blended” with “live” Saturday classroom-based workshops, which take place monthly. Learners visit the Dublin campus on a monthly basis, however, they have access to all facilities provided to full-time and part-time learners throughout the academic year, as well as the option of participating in the wide range of extra-curricular activities undertaken by full-time and part-time business learners at Griffith College. Blended delivery offers the learners the flexibility to learn at their own pace in a manner suitable for their circumstances and tuition from industry and academic experts ensures learners gain the academic and practical skills necessary to function successfully in junior procurement and supply chain roles. 
Entry Requirements
The programme is designed for learners who hold a Leaving Certificate, or have an equivalent qualification and/or experience. 
Progression
The programme provides a progression path for advanced entry for learners onto the Diploma and/or BA (Hons) degree. 
Course Content
1.	Purchasing and Procurement
2.	Introduction to Supply Chain Management
3.	Business and Operations Management
Micro-Credential Courses in Procurement and Supply Chain Management DUBLIN
Certificate in Intelligent Technologies in Procurement & Supply Chain 4.0
Apply direct: www.griffith.ie
Course duration: 1 Semester
Award Level: Level 8 (5 ECTS)
Study mode: Blended
Validated by: QQI
The Certificate in Intelligent Technologies in Procurement and Supply Chain 4.0 module is designed to introduce learners to the digital landscape, strategy models and operational methodologies and tools to appraise a modern smart and transformative supply chain. This programme presents a portfolio of current methods and tools to add value to supply chains through the integration of technology into organisations’ strategies, processes and procedures. For businesses to stay relevant in the market today, prioritising customer satisfaction with agility, responsiveness and quality personal service is essential and a trained workforce is required to understand, assess, implement and monitor the digital changes and challenges of a smart supply chain.

Certificate in Public Procurement
Apply direct: www.griffith.ie
Course duration: 1 Semester
Award Level:  Level 8 (10 ECTS)
Study mode: Blended
Validated by: QQI
The Certificate in Public Procurement programme is designed to provide learners with an introduction to the role and function of procurement and supply chain management within the public sector. Learners will gain advanced factual and theoretical knowledge and awareness of the procurement and supply chain management field. They will develop practical skills and obtain relevant information to carry out procurement and supply chain related tasks within the public sector. The programme provides learners with an intellectually challenging and stimulating education in the discipline and motivates them towards a career in the field and more advanced education and training. 
Certificate in Sustainability & the Circular Economy
Apply direct: www.griffith.ie
Course duration: 1 Semester
Award Level:  Level 8 (5 ECTS)
Study mode: Blended
Validated by: QQI
The Certificate in Sustainability and the Circular Economy is designed to develop learners’ understanding of the concept and initiatives of sustainability, including how supply chains impact communities and society, environmental aspects of procurement, ethical trading and working standards. The traditional linear economic model of “Take-Make-Waste” is environmentally and economically unsustainable. The programme will enable learners to align sustainable goals within the supply chain, which has both local and global dimensions and develop the area for organisational commitment, procedures, systems and practices


Law
Courses
LLB (Hons)
LL.B (Hons)
LL. B (Hons) in Criminal Justice
LL. B (Hons) in Criminal Law
Diploma Legal Studies and Practice
Certificate in Legal Studies
Certificate in Legal Practice
Certificate in Mediation

Best Bits of Griffith Law
1.	Progression to Professional Bodies: On completion of the LL.B. (Hons) graduates can apply to sit the entrance exams for the Law Society of Ireland and The Honorable Society of King’s Inns.
2.	Leading Practical Pedagogy and Clinical Skills Development: The Faculty provide a practical, clinical education encompassing debating, court visits and moot courts.
3.	Library Resources : The Griffith College library is a subscriber to JustisOne, Westlaw, HeinOnline and Bloomsbury, some of the world’s premier legal research engines.
4.	Student Societies : We have a vibrant Clinical Legal Centre. Student members enjoy the benefits of thriving, dynamic societies, trips abroad, court visits and much more.
5.	Student Intranet : Griffith College facilitates web-based learning on Moodle, the learner intranet system.
Why Griffith College?
-	Winner of Law School of the year 2023
-	Excellent reputation
-	Smaller classes guarantee individualized attention
-	Car parking for learners 
-	Flexible fee payment structures available
-	Dublin and Cork City location
Extra Curricular Activities
Law Society
Throughout the academic year the Law Society schedules a variety of activities for learners in addition to a series of talks by prominent members of the legal community.
Advocacy Society
The Advocacy Society provides learners with the opportunity to partake in organised learner debates. Students are encouraged to participate in prestigious international and national debates such as the annual Irish Times debate. The Advocacy Society encourages legal debate among learners by way of written submission and oral presentation. The society encourages teams to enter renowned national and international intervarsity moots such as the Silken Thomas Intervarsity Moot Court Competition.
Philidelphia Internship Programme
Griffith College works closely with the US Supreme Court.
Free Legal Advice Clinic (FLAC)
Our free legal advice clinic provides learners with an opportunity to work alongside professionals in providing legal advice to staff and learners in the College.
Griffith College Innocence
Project Griffith College offers learners the opportunity to earn credit towards their degree by working with the Innocence Project, which is housed on-site at Griffith College. There, learners work under the close supervision of practicing solicitors and barristers to help to analyse case materials and to liaise with clients with a view to exonerating those clients who may have been wrongfully convicted.
Court Visits
Throughout the academic year, the law faculty regularly organises court visits and tours along with talks from leading practicing lawyers and barristers. 
EU Club
Griffith College offers learners the opportunity to learn more about the European Law and visit the European Union.

LL.B. (Hons) DUBLIN CORK
About the Course
LL.B. comes from the Latin – Legum Baccalaureus- Bachelor of Laws. A highly focused discipline, law examines how groups and individuals regulate their relationships. With the LL.B. (Hons), learners can tailor their degrees to suit their interests with a combination of core legal modules in each year of study along with a range of elective practically-orientated modules in the second and third years. There is also a variety of assessment types to reflect how different learners learn including written assignments, end of term examinations and continuous assessment. Our panel of experienced Law Lecturers, many of whom are practitioners in their field, provide intensive assignment and exam feedback sessions to all learners on an individual basis. In order to support learners in their studies, the Griffith College Library has extensive facilities and is a subscriber, for example, to JustisOne, Bloomsbury Professional and Westlaw.ie, some of the world’s premier legal research engines. Griffith College also facilitates web-based LL.B. learning on Moodle, the learner intranet system. The College Moodle system also allows for ongoing contact and engagement between learners and their lecturers outside of formal teaching times by providing facilities such as an online learner discussion forum for each class.
Course Delivery
The programme is available both full-time and part-time. Classes run from September to May and both full-time and part-time programmes can be completed in three years. The full time degree consists of up to 16 lecture hours per week. Extra time is allocated to assignment work and to the vital independent study that shapes attitude, deepens understanding, and provides learners with practical exposure to problem-solving. Part time learners will have classes two evenings on campus per week from 6pm to 10pm.
Progression
The LL.B. (Hons) Programme aims to develop a learner’s critical capabilities to the fullest, to enhance their communication skills and capacities and develop their clinical skills. At the outset, graduating with the Griffith College LL.B. (Hons) degree will prepare you to undertake the Law Society of Ireland’s entrance examination and progress towards your qualification as a solicitor. As the first College in the non-University sector to have its degrees recognised by the Honorable Society of the King’s Inns for the purpose of admission to its annual entrance exams, graduating with the Griffith College LL.B. (Hons) Degree also allows you to progress to the five entrance exams of the Honorable Society of King’s Inns and to complete the Barrister at Law degree in just one year. For those wishing to pursue postgraduate opportunities, the LL.B. (Hons) provides a foundation for a Masters programme in Law (LL.M.). Many of our graduates go on to complete an LL.M. in an area of their choice. Griffith College also offers a range of LL.M. Programmes. An LL.M. is a great foundation to a PhD and can be completed by classes or research. The LL.B. (Hons) Degree also lends itself to stimulating career opportunities across a range of areas including Journalism, Media, Finance, Public Administration, Human Rights and Commerce. It has been crafted and refined by the seasoned input of distinguished academics and professionals as well as the College’s expert full-time and associate lecturing staff. The degree combines academic depth with legal training to industry standards to provide learners with a solid foundation for their future careers.
Course Content
Learners will study core subjects and pick electives allowing them to tailor their degree. This allows the learner to focus on key areas that they are interested in such as criminal law, family law or corporate law.
STAGE 1
Learners complete five core modules; Introduction to Law and Legal Skills; Law of Torts; Law of Contract; Criminal Law; Information Technology Skills
STAGE 2
Learners complete three core modules: Constitutional Law; Land Law; Company Law;
Learners complete three electives* modules from five of the following modules; Administrative Law; Law of Evidence; Public International Law; Intellectual Property Law; Revenue Law; International Human Rights Law; Law and Ethics in Healthcare
STAGE 3
Learners complete four core modules; Law of the European Union; European Union Law; Jurisprudence;
Learners complete up to four elective* modules from eight of the following modules (number dependent on credits awarded); Dissertation; Innocence Project; Miscarriages of Justice; Corporate Governance and Financial Services Law; International Commercial Law; International Privacy and Data Protection; Alternative Dispute Resolution; Law of Cybersecurity and Artificial Intelligence; Environmental Law and Sustainability; Peace and Reconciliation; Private Clinic in Practice

LL.B. (Hons) in Criminal Justice DUBLIN CORK
Apply direct: www.griffith.ie
Course duration: 3 /3.5 Years
Award Level: Level 8
Validated by: QQI
CAO Code: GC418
About the Course
The LL.B. (Hons) in Criminal Justice offers a comprehensive legal education with practical skills and theoretical knowledge essential for a career in law. The programme develops within learners critical, analytical, research and communications skills in both an academic and clinical context and fosters learners’ ability to work effectively whether as a team member or independently. As learners progress over three years, they build on their knowledge of core legal subjects to attain increasing specialization in their chosen field, including a number of elective module options. Please note: Learners on the LL.B. (Hons) in Criminal Justice are required to complete either the Dissertation or Innocence Project modules as mandatory in Stage 3.
Course Delivery
The programme is available via Full-Time, Part-Time and Blended study modes. We have two intakes – September (3 years to complete) and February (3.5years to complete).
FULL-TIME : Students have on-campus classes subject to timetable scheduling and subject choices.
PART-TIME : Students will have live-streamed lectures on designated evenings (usually 6 pm -10 pm* depending on modules).
BLENDED : Students will be sent module recordings weekly via our student platform, live webinars during the week and a maximum of 4 Saturday Classes on campus per semester.
Progression
On completion of this Programme, learners can proceed towards professional training for the legal professions, postgraduate education to levels 9 and 10, or employment in the public or private sectors.This is particularly suitable for those where specialization in criminal law and criminal justice is a distinct advantage. At the outset, graduating with the Griffith CollegeLL.B. (Hons) in Criminal Justice degree will prepare you to undertake the Law Society of Ireland’s entrance examination and progress towards your qualification as a solicitor. As the first College in the non-University sector to have its degrees recognized by the Honorable Society of the King’s Inns for the purpose of admission to its annual entrance exams, graduating with any of our Griffith College LL.B. (Hons) Degrees also allows you to progress to the five entrance exams of the Honorable Society of King’s Inns and to complete the Barrister at Law degree in just one year. For those wishing to pursue postgraduate opportunities, the LL.B. (Hons) provides a foundation for a Master’s programme in Law (LL.M.). Many of our graduates complete an LL.M. in an area of their choice. Griffith College also offers a range of LL.M. Programmes. An LL.M. is a great foundation to  PhD and can be completed by classes or research.
Course Content
Learners will study core subjects and pick electives allowing them to tailor their degree. Students pick three electives in year two and three to four electives in year three, depending on the subjects chosen. Elective choices may require full-time students to attend classes from 6 p.m. to 8 p.m. 
STAGE 1: Introduction to Law and Legal Studies; Law of Contract; Law of Tort; Criminal Law; Informational Technology Skills
STAGE 2 -MANDATORY : Land Law; Company Law; Constitutional Law; Professional Research Practice and Advocacy; Law of Evidence
STAGE 2 : Administrative Law; Public International Law; Intellectual Property Law; Revenue Law; International Humna Rights Law; Law and Ethics in Healthcare
STAGE 3 : Equity and Trust; Law of the European Union; Jurisprudence; Criminology; Dissertation; Innocence Project
STAGE 3 – ELECTIVES : Miscarriages of Justice; Corporate Governance and Financial Services Law; International Commercial Law; International Privacy and Data Protection; Alternative Dispute Resolution; Law of Cybersecurity and Artificial Intelligence; Environmental Law and Sustainability; Peace and Reconciliation; Private Client in Practice

LL.B. (Hons) in Commerical Law DUBLIN CORK
Apply direct: www.griffith.ie
Course duration: 3 /3.5 Years
Award Level: Level 8
Validated by: QQI
CAO Code: GC419
About the Course
The LL.B. (Hons) in Commercial Law covers the foundational subjects for a career in commercial law where students will gain a broad and thorough understanding of legal principles and practices. Our panel of experienced Law Lecturers, many of whom are practitioners in their field, provide intensive assignment and exam feedback sessions to all learners on an individual basis. In order to support learners in their studies, the Griffith College Library has extensive facilities and is a subscriber, for example, to JustisOne, Bloomsbury Professional and Westlaw.ie, some of the world’s premier legal research engines. 
Course Delivery
The programme is available via Full-Time, Part-Time and Blended study modes. We have two intakes – September (3 years to complete) and February (3.5years to complete).
FULL-TIME Students have on-campus classes subject to timetable scheduling and subject choices.
PART-TIME Students will have live-streamed lectures on designated evenings (usually 6 pm -10 pm* depending on modules).
BLENDED Students will be sent module recordings weekly via our student platform, live webinars during the week and a maximum of 4 Saturday Classes on campus per semester.
Progression
The Bachelor of Laws (LLB) (Honours) in Commercial Law from Griffith College Dublin offers a pathway to various career opportunities. Graduates are equipped for legal roles, particularly within business and commercial sectors, due to the program’s focus on commercial law. The LLB (Hons) in Commercial Law equips students with a strong foundation in both legal theory and commercial practices, opening versatile career opportunities across multiple sectors. For those wishing to pursue postgraduate opportunities, the LL.B. (Hons) provides a foundation for a master’s programme in Law (LL.M.). Many of our graduates complete an LL.M. in an area of their choice. Griffith College also offers a range of LL.M. Programmes. An LL.M. is a great foundation for a PhD and can be completed by classes or research. 
Course Content
Students will complete core modules and select selective subjects, allowing them to customise their degree to align with their interests and career goals. In the second year, students choose three electives, while in the third year, they select three or four electives, depending on their chosen subjects. Some electives may require evening attendance from 6 p.m. to 8 p.m. for full-time students.
STAGE 1 : Introduction to Law and Legal Studies; Law of Contract; Law of Tort; Criminal Law; Informational Technology Skills
STAGE 2 – MANDATORY : Land Law; Company Law; Constitutional Law; Professional Research Practice and Advocacy; Revenue Law; 
STAGE 2 -ELECTIVES : Administrative Law; Public International Law; Intellectual Property Law; International Humna Rights Law; Law and Ethics in Healthcare; Law of Evidence
STAGE 3 : Equity and Trust; Law of the European Union; Jurisprudence; Corporate Governance and Financial Services Law; International Commercial Law; International Privacy and Data Protection
STAGE 3 – ELECTIVES: Criminology; Dissertation; Innocence Project; Miscarriages of Justice; Alternative Dispute Resolution; Law of Cybersecurity and Artificial Intelligence; Environmental Law and Sustainability; Peace and Reconciliation; Private Client in Practice

Diploma in Legal Studies and Practice (Special Purpose Award) DUBLIN CORK
About the Course
Griffith College Law Faculty offers this programme on a part-time basis over one or two academic years. The programme runs over three evenings per week for those studying over one academic year, or up to two evenings per week for those studying over two academic years. Lectures are held from 6.00pm - 10.00pm each evening. Learners can attend lectures either on campus, synchronously via Livestream or asynchronously online via recorded lectures. Students must attend workshops and examinations on campus. Every module runs over five teaching weeks, followed by two reading weeks and a week of examinations. Assessment varies from module to module and comprises of a combination of essays, workshops, case studies, case briefs, reflective journals and examinations. Once you successfully complete all twelve modules you will be awarded a Diploma in Legal Studies and Practice, validated by QQI and endorsed by the Irish Institute of Legal Executives. Diploma graduates are eligible for enrolment as Associate Members of IILEx, and all participants are eligible to become Student Members of the Institute.
Entry Requirements
Applicants should be over 23 years of age on the 1st January in year of admission. Applicants under 23 years of age must meet the standard entry requirements for a Level 7 programme (min. 5O6/ H7s). They are also assessed on the basis of work experience and may also be interviewed in advance of admission.
Course Delivery
All lectures are recorded and uploaded onto our intranet called Moodle. You can view these
lectures when you want and as often as you like. All programme materials are also uploaded onto Moodle for you to access, as well as any practical exercises which take place during class time. All learners must attend a practical four-hour weekend workshop in the following modules: Professional and Academic Preparedness and Skills, Civil Litigation, Criminal Practice and Procedure, and Conveyancing. These workshops provide learners with the opportunity to demonstrate the skills they have acquired during these four practical modules.
Progression
Learners who complete the DLSP may go on to join the second year of the LL.B. (Hons) Programme. On completion of the DLSP learners may apply to become legal executives, apply their knowledge in a variety of other roles including HR, SME’s, law enforcement, public bodies, managerial positions or many other areas of personal interest. 
Course Content
Learners may complete the programme over one or two years.
BLOCK 1 : Introduction to the Irish Legal System; Law of Contract; Professional and Academic Preparedness and Skills
BLOCK 2 : Law of Tort; Constitutional Law and Judicial Review; Civil Litigation
BLOCK 3 : Land Law; Conveyancing; Criminal Law
BLOCK 4 : Criminal Practice and Procedure; Probate Law*; Employment Law*; Company Law*; Family Law*

Certificate in Legal Studies (Special Purpose Award) DUBLIN CORK
Apply direct: www.griffith.ie
Course duration: Part time, 1 year
Award Level: QQI level 7 (40 ECTS)
Special Purpose Award
Validated by: QQI
About the Course
The Certificate in Legal Studies provides learners with a legal academic experience which is rooted in legal theory. The programme comprises of eight academic modules and is offered on a part-time basis over one academic year. The modules taught on the course are predominantly academic in nature and provide learners with a theoretical overview of the Irish legal system, including a thorough understanding of private and public law as well as the opportunity to study  two electives of the learner’s choosing. The programme is aimed at those learners who wish to gain a qualification in law for personal or professional reasons, but who don’t want to complete the four practical modules offered on the Diploma in Legal Studies and Practice. If learners wish to progress, they can move into the Diploma programme or the LLB (Hons) with exemptions.
Course Delivery
All lectures are recorded and uploaded onto our intranet called Moodle. You can view these lectures when you want and as often as you like. All programme materials are also uploaded onto Moodle for you to access, as well as any practical exercises which take place during class time.
BLOCK 1 : Introduction to the Irish Legal System(5 ECTS);  Law of Contract (5 ECTS)
BLOCK 2: Law of Tort (5 ECTS); Constitutional Law and Judicial Review(5 ECTS)
BLOCK 3:  Criminal Law (5 ECTS); Land Law (5 ECTS)
BLOCK 4 (Choice of 2): Probate Law (E) (5 ECTS); Family Law (E) (5 ECTS); Company Law (E) (5 ECTS); Employment Law (E) (5 ECTS)
Entry Requirements
Applicants should be over 23 years of age on the 1st January in year of admission. Applicants under 23 years of age must meet the standard entry requirements for a Level 7 programme (min. 5O6/ H7s). They are also assessed on the basis of work experience and may also be interviewed in advance of admission.
Progression
Learners who have successful completed modules of the embedded awards may apply for direct entry into the Diploma in Legal Studies and Practice (Principal Programme) and will receive exemptions for the modules already completed. Graduates of the CLS and CLP programmes may apply to transfer with exemptions into Stage I of the College’s LLB programme 

Certificate in Legal Practice (Special Purpose Award) DUBLIN CORK
Apply direct: www.griffith.ie
Course duration: Part time, 1 year
Award Level: QQI Level 7 (20 ECTS)
Special Purpose Award
Validated by: QQI
About the Course
The Certificate in Legal Practice provides learners with the practical skills required by those working in a legal environment. Upon completion of the programme, graduates will have gained the requisite drafting, negotiation, research, legal writing and problem-solving skills required by the industry of its legal professionals. This programme comprises of four modules and is offered on a part time basis over one academic year. The modules taught on the course are predominantly practical in nature and provide learners with skills that can be directly transferable into the legal workplace. Successful completion of these practical modules enables graduates to demonstrate proficiency in using key workplace skills and tools such as verbal communication, proficiency in the use of electronic databases, familiarity with legal documents and procedures, legal research and writing. If learners wish to progress, they can move into the Diploma programme or the LLB (Hons) with exemptions.
Course Content
BLOCK 1: Professional and Academic Preparedness and Skills (5 ECTS)
BLOCK 2 : Civil Litigation (5 ECTS)
BLOCK 3: Conveyancing (5 ECTS)
BLOCK 4: Criminal Practice and Procedure (5 ECTS)
Course Delivery
All lectures are recorded and uploaded onto our intranet called Moodle. You can view these lectures when you want and as often as you like. All programme materials are also uploaded onto Moodle for you to access, as well as any practical exercises which take place during class time. All learners must attend a practical four-hour weekend workshop in the following modules: Professional and Academic Preparedness and Skills, Civil Litigation, Criminal Practice and Procedure, and Conveyancing. These workshops provide learners with the opportunity to demonstrate the skills they have acquired during these more practical modules. 
Entry Requirements
Applicants will hold a legal qualification of at least level 6 on the NFQ. It is anticipated that the majority of learners will also have some prior legal experience.
Progression
Learners who have successful completed modules of the embedded awards may apply for direct entry into the Diploma in Legal Studies and Practice (Principal Programme) and will receive exemptions for the modules already completed. Graduates can also progress to Stage 1 of the LL.B. (Hons).

Certificate in Mediation (Special Purpose Award) DUBLIN CORK
Apply direct: www.griffith.ie
Course duration: Part time
Award Level: Level 8
Special Purpose Award
Validated by: QQI
About the Course
This programme runs on a part-time basis over two semesters. The lecturers are experienced mediators, academics and conflict management trainers with many years’ experience in both practice and training. The graduates of this programme will be eligible to apply to The Mediators Institute of Ireland (The MII) for membership. The faculty will provide much pastoral care and career support. The overall aim of this Special Purpose Award is to ensure that the learner will be a highly effective and self-reflective mediator with advanced knowledge of the principles of mediation and the mediation process. By enabling participants to gain an in-depth understanding  of the concepts and methods underlying the development and use of mediation, the programme seeks to actualise their ability to implement the skills to practice. Furthermore, the programme seeks to equip the graduate with an awareness of the impact of conflict behaviour on mediation, both from the mediator and third party perspective. Teaching and assessment will emphasise the necessity of inherent emotional intelligence in this regard on the part of the mediator. It is sought to inculcate this by introducing the learner to both academic reading and structured self-reflection on the area. By including the Conflict Dynamics Profile-Individual (CDP-I) within the programme as a personal profiling and self-reflection tool, learners get valuable insights into their own current traits as mediators and the potential impact of conflict triggers on themselves and others. Finally, the programme has the further objective of demystifying the law surrounding mediation in order that the learner may embark upon a career involving the use of mediation within their work place. 
Course Delivery
The Certificate in Mediation is delivered over the course of seven months, on Saturdays with a three week interval between workshops.
Course Content
The Certificate in Mediation comprises three core modules;
1.	Mediation and Conflict Resolution 
2.	Mediation Ethics and Regulatory Framework 
3.	Mediation in Practice 
Progression
The knowledge, skills and competencies developed in the area of mediation will be transferable to both mediation practice and further postgraduate studies. This is not confined to the area of law and dispute resolution but can transfer into business, social studies, community affairs, and across any area of life where conflict may arise. Learners who complete this programme will have a range of skills that will be attractive across sectors as a result of acquired skills such as critical thinking and evaluation, ability to self-manage and self-evaluate, independent learning, conflict management, communication, active listening and mediation. The skills acquired on this programme help the graduate become a more effective communicator and resource in any workplace. The mediation industry is becoming established in Ireland and the robust nature of this qualification will give a graduate a unique selling point as compared with other non-academic programmes designed to accredit mediators.


Computing
Courses
BSc (Hons) in Computing Science
BSc in Computing

Best Bits of Griffith Computing
1.	Work Placement : The full-time BSc (Hons) in Computing Science have the opportunity to complete a 6-month work placement in its third year enabling learners to gain invaluable experience in an I.T. related work environment.
2.	Industry Guest Speakers: Renowned industry speakers share their insights into the fundamentals of Computing Science, the I.T. industry and offer learners invaluable career advice.
3.	High Academic Profile : The Computing Faculty lecturing staff have a high academic profile  with PhD holders distinguished in their fields.
4.	Subject Specialisation : Individual subject certification is available throughout the faculty, thus allowing learners to specify in areas of interest.
5.	Small Class Sizes : A good learner/ lecturer ratio ensures that learners will get the mentoring and one-to-one attention required to maximise their learning.

BSc (Hons) in Computing Science DUCLIN CORK LIMERICK
Apply direct: www.griffith.ie
Course duration: 4 years
Full-Time and Part-Time
Award Level: Level 8
Validated by: QQI
CAO Code: See page 21
About the Course
This honours degree programme is designed to turn learners into experts in the applicationof Computing Science. The programme has the capacity to reflect and adapt to both technical and market developments. The content and skills taught are relevant to the current and emerging job opportunities in the industry. In Year 3, learners must complete four taught modules and a 6-month work placement in the computing industry. The work placement experience serves two purposes. Firstly, it provides you with invaluable work-related computing experience, allowing you to draw on this experience during Year 4. Secondly, it significantly increases your attractiveness to potential employers. Students working in the industry and pursuing the evening programme may be granted an exemption from the work placement stage, depending on the nature of their employment experience. Students are required to complete a number of significant software development projects throughout the programme. These projects have a strong industry focus and help consolidate and reinforce knowledge acquired from taught modules. In final year, learners are given the opportunity to specialise their degree by selecting a set of elective modules to focus on. The elective modules reflect the areas that are currently in demand in industry in Ireland at the moment; Cloud Computing, Machine Learning, Cyber Security, Software Development, Artificial Intelligence and Robotics, among others. This allows learners to gain the broad experience of Computing Science while fast-tracking their skills for industry.
Progression
Once completed, learners can consider further study options here at Griffith College, in the form of any MSc Programmes of interest (offered on a full/ part-time basis), or at other institutions worldwide. Selected module content covers professional programme material which provides our learners with sufficient knowledge to undertake professional qualifications, should they wish to do so. 
Careers
Career opportunities are many and varied. Our graduates are working as Software Engineers, Software Developers, IT Specialists, Operation Analysts, System Analysts, Product Engineers, Web Designers, and IT Managers to list a few. Recent graduates have been employed by Amazon, Indeed, Intercom, Vodafone and DAA.
Course Content – Full-Time Programme

Stage/Semester | Computer Programming Modules        | Computer Systems Modules           | Software Design & Development Modules | Computational Mathematics Modules
---------------|--------------------------------------|-------------------------------------|----------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------
1/I            | Computer Programming, Client-side Web Development | Computer Hardware                   | Effective Learning & Development, Systems Analysis & Design 1 | Foundations of Computing
1/II           | Computer Programming, Client-side Web Development | Computer Hardware, Operating Systems Design | Software Development         | Foundations of Computing
2/I            | Object Oriented Programming          | Relational Databases                | Systems Analysis & Design 2            | Probability & Statistics
2/II           | Data Structures & Algorithms, Server-side Web Development | Networks & Data Communications | Software Development 2          | Linear Algebra
3/I            | Work Placement                       | Work Placement                       | Work Placement                         | Work Placement
Year 4
Full-Time Programme Students take four core modules and three elective modules in Year 4 of the programme.
Core Modules
• Distributed Systems
• Advanced Network Theory
• Mobile Development
• Software Development Project.
Elective Modules
• Artificial Intelligence & Robotics
• Data Analytics & Visualisation
• Cyber Security & Ethical Hacking
• Internet of Things & Edge Computing
• Machine Learning
• Managing Big Data
• Cloud Services & Platforms
• Practical Networking
• Computer Graphics
• Emerging Technologies
• Games Development
• Digital Forensics & Investigative Techniques

BSc in Computing DUBLIN CORK LIMERICK
Apply direct: www.griffith.ie
Course duration: Full-Time 3 years
Award Level: Level 7
Validated by: QQI
CAO Code: See page 21
About the Course
This degree programme aims to develop the skills and competencies required for the effective design and implementation of software systems. The programme introduces learners to a broad range of problem-solving techniques, all of which are directly applicable to the range of IT problems that arise in commercial settings. Students have the opportunity to work in teams as well as on solo projects. In the final year, learners will complete a group project that usually focuses on the emerging area of the Internet of Things (IoT). Students also complete a professional certification in their final year (Linux Systems Administration). Students who wish to exit after successfully completing Years 1 and 2 may do so and be awarded a Higher Certificate in Computing (QQI). 
Progression
On successful completion of the Level 7 degree with a 60% average or higher, learners may apply for the final year of the BSc (Hons) in Computing Science in Griffith College or external institutions. 
Careers
Career opportunities are many and varied. Our graduates are working as Software Engineers, Software Developers, IT Specialists, Operation Analysts, System Analysts, Product Engineers, Web Designers, and IT Managers to list a few.
Course Content – Full-Time Programme

Year/Semester | Software Development Modules              | Computer Systems Modules             | Business Solutions & Design Modules            | Computational Mathematics Modules
--------------|--------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------
1/I           | Computer Programming, Client-side Web Development | Computer Hardware                 | Effective Learning & Development, Systems Analysis & Design 1 | Foundations of Computing
1/II          | Computer Programming, Client-side Web Development | Computer Hardware, Operating Systems Design | Software Development           | Foundations of Computing
2/I           | Object Oriented Programming                | Relational Databases                | Systems Analysis & Design 2                    | Probability & Statistics
2/II          | Data Structures & Algorithms, Server-side Web Development | Networks & Data Communications | Software Development 2                        | Linear Algebra
3/I           | Concurrent Programming                     | Networks & Data Communications      | HCI & GUI Development                          | Numerical Optimisation
3/II          | Web Technologies                           | Professional Certification (LINUX)  | Group Project                                  | —


Journalism & Media
Courses
BA (Hons) in Communications and Media Production
BA in Communications
BA (Hons) in Music Production
BA (Hons) in Audio & Music Technology
Best Bits of Griffith Journalism & Media Communications
1.	Industry Links : Lecturers in Griffith’s Journalism & Media Faculty are drawn from across the media and communications industries. Many are successful freelance professionals in film, photography, journalism in radio, TV, print and online.
2.	Choose your field of study : With degree programmes in Communications, Journalism, Media Production, Photography and Film & TV Production, the media career you’ve dreamt of is in your grasp. We offer a range of innovative courses that equip our learners to thrive in the work place thanks to their industry focused skillsets. Our programmes offer experience across the full range of media disciplines from news and content production, live broadcast, documentary and photographic practice, vlogging and mobile journalism. Our learners have won prestigious national awards in broadcasting, publishing and visual communications
3.	Practical courses : Learners will also create their own online presences through blogs, website design and other online social media. You can conduct your own investigations, publish magazines and newspapers and in doing so, follow the path of many other successful journalists, communications and media professionals. Media moves our world, whether it is social, digital, old or new, visual, print, online or radio.
4.	Facilities : On-campus radio station, broadcasting studios (1 on-air and 1 off-air), 4 photographic studios, 2 dark rooms, 1 TV and video studio, 1 sound engineering studio, 2 multimedia production rooms, multiple student publications.
5.	Employability :  A media programme at Griffith College will give you the edge to succeed and take on the challenge of entering the growing communication and creative sector in Ireland and internationally. Employers recognise the can-do attitude and professionalism of Griffith graduates. Learners are assured of excellent teaching practices, using industry standard techniques and technologies. Learners on our QQI validated Journalism, Media and Photographic courses are also entitled to student membership cards of National Union of Journalists, which recognises our courses for professional training purposes.
6.	Successful Alumni :  Graduates have worked in RTE Radio, Today FM, Spin, Newstalk, FM104, Ocean FM, Shannonside, RTE TV, Virgin News Media, Shinawil, NBC, Facebook, Google, Journal.ie, Joe.ie, Boards.ie, Hubspot, the Irish Star, Sun, Mail, Mirror, Independent, Times, Telegraph, Image Magazine, Fleishman Hilliard, Modern Green, Teneo PSG, Publicis, Vizeum as well as communication roles in NGOs like Samaritans, Women’s Aid, Headline, Goal and Plan International. Many Griffith alumni are found across the magazine sector, other regional commercial radio stations and weekly newspapers. A number of graduates are professional contract photographers, or work independently in the film & TV sector.
7.	Student Media Competitions : Griffith College consistently excels at the Smedias - Ireland’s National Student Media Awards. In 2023, one Media students’ magazine and 5 individual students were nominated. One of our BA (Hons) in Communications and Media Production graduates won Student of the Year for Journalism Relating to Science and Technology.

BA (Hons) in Communications and Media Production DUBLIN
Apply direct: www.griffith.ie
Course duration: Full-Time 3 years
Award Level: Level 8
Validated by: QQI
CAO Code: See page 21
About the Course
Social media, TV, Mobile Journalism, radio, photography, print: what media or communication path are you considering? This honours degree allows learners to develop their own media skillsets. We produce communications graduates who are versatile, confident and able to work across the media spectrum. From a multimedia and academic grounding in year one, learners can develop their own study pathways, whether it is mobile, social and digital media, photography, radio, investigative journalism, TV or video. Learners can become broadcasters, reporters, documentary makers, Pprofessional photographers, online and social media specialists and also progress to postgraduate study.
Progression
Graduates of this programme have gone on to study on one of the specialist media MA’s offered by Griffith College, as well as pursuing other postgraduate programmes at prestigious academic institutions across Britain and Europe.
Careers
Graduates have many career options. Successful learners have worked as journalists, researchers, presenters and producers in print and broadcast media. Others are working as social media content creators, digital marketing executives, content managers and creators. The programme also prepares you for employment in areas where visual media or multimedia skills are in demand, including video production, photography, web design, graphics production and design, social media, and the vast demands for media content creation skills online.
Course Content
STAGE 1 : Digital online & Social Media Production, Photography 1, Understanding Society, Thinking, Writing, Presenting, Video Production 1, Communications History, Media Law & Ethics, Media Studies, Radio Production 1, Writing for Media.
STAGE 2
Core Subjects: Stage two builds on the learning from Stage 1 and expands on the core elements. It allows learners to specialise in visual or content production by choosing an elective stream. The core modules at stage 2 are: Digital Media Fundamentals, Contemporary Politics, History of Art &  Photography, Research  Methods, Video Production 2. 
Stream A (Journalistic Media): Media Reporting & Editing, Radio & Podcast Production 2, Investigative Journalism.
Stream B (Visual Media): Photography 2, Visual Communication and Web Design.
STAGE 3
Core Subjects: Contemporary Politics 2, Dissertation, Sociology of the Media, Media Research & Cultural Studies.
Stream A or B: Creative Writing, Film Studies, Public Relations, Video Production 3: Studio Practice, Writing for Games.
Stream A only: Conflict Reporting, Sports Journalism, Investigative Journalism 2, Online Content Creation.
Stream B only: Commercial Photography, Media Exhibition.

BA in Communications
Apply direct: www.griffith.ie
Course duration: Full-Time 3 years
Award Level: Level 7
Validated by: QQI
CAO Code: See page 21
About the Course
In our three-year programmes you will acquire the skills that are essential for working in  contemporary journalism and media communications industries - print, broadcasting and digital. Learners will focus on practical productions skills in audio, video, digital and content as well as developing the critical thinking and creative skills which inform the production of well crafted and effective media products..
STAGE 1
Learners acquire foundational communication and journalism production skills by learning about the history of media and how society has adapted to systems of media communication. Students will also gain an introductory understanding of social research. Programme participants learn how to present a message and how to present themselves professionally. They will also develop their capacity to write professionally and acquire introductory skills in video, radio, print and photography.
STAGE 2
Learners develop their practical production skills by engaging in course work that is closely modeled on current industry standards within a framework of ethical media practice.. Learns broaden their understanding of the contemporary political, social and economic issues that inform meaningful and relevant media products.
STAGE 3
Learners enhance and develop their production skills to key areas of media practice such as reportage, feature writing, investigative journalism and documentary practice. By applying the critical thinking and creative skill sets to a range of final year projects they demonstrate their competencies as media professionals.. Progression Further study is an option for learners who successfully complete this programme; the logical step is to take the final year of the BA (Hons) in Communications and Media Production.
Careers
In a rapidly growing media sector there are excellent employment and career opportunities for media graduates. This includes established media careers such as print and broadcast journalism and corporate communications but increasingly in online and digital media contexts.
Course Content
STAGE 1: Communications History, Digital Online Media Production, Media Law and Ethics, Media Studies, Photography 1, Radio and Podcast Production 1, Thinking Writing and Presenting, Understanding Society, Video Storytelling 1, Writing for Media.
STAGE 2: Contemporary Politics, Digital Marketing Fundamentals, History of Art and Photography, Research Methods, Video Storytelling 2, Investigative Journalism, Media Reporting and Editing, Photography 2, Radio and Podcast Production 2, Visual Communication, Web Design..
STAGE 3
Contemporary Politics 2, Dissertation, Media Research and Cultural Studies, Media Sociology, Commercial Photography, Conflict Reporting, Creative Writing, Data Journalism, Digital Marketing Strategies, Environment Communication, Film Studies, Investigative Journalism 2, Online Content  Creation, Public Relations, Radio Production 3, Sports Journalism, Video Production 3: Studio Practice, Writing for Games.

BA (Hons) in Music Production DUBLIN
Apply direct: www.griffith.ie
Course duration: Full-Time 3 years
Award Level: Level 8
Validated by: QQI
Delivered in association with Pulse College with classes taking place in the iconic Windmill Lane Recording Studios
About the Course
Griffith College is delighted to announce its partnership with Pulse College, to jointly deliver an honours BA in Music Production. The programme has been designed by music industry professionals and provides a uniquely relevant career development path for music producers. For over 30 years, Windmill Lane Recording Studios has been host to international clients such as U2, Lady GaGa, The Script and The Kings of Leon. Its iconic Studio 1 has recorded soundtracks for The Mask, Mission Impossible, Riverdance, Lord of the Dance and World of Warcraft. This powerful collaboration between Griffith College and Pulse College gives those who undertake the BA (Hons) in Music Production an unrivalled opportunity to combine their academic development with direct professional recording experience in a leading commercial environment. The programme provides learners with an advanced understanding of music and sound and its manipulation. Lab, studio and recording training provides learners with detailed competencies in relation to the professional application and management of music production, studio recording and music technology. Students also gain an in-depth understanding of how the music industry is operated and controlled. This programme embraces learners from a variety of musical backgrounds who are looking to broaden  their knowledge and skills base. Our hands-on approach gives learners the opportunity to direct their studies into areas of personal interest and professional relevance. This personalised development of the learners creative strategies and theoretical knowledge is achieved through creative individual assignments and exciting professional client based projects. This distinctive feature of this programme is where learners earn an additional 30 ECTS credits of their honours degree programme while working with these clients in the studio environment. This accreditation of industry standard practical applications provides a more holistic and systematic approach to learning and ensures that our graduates have the expertise required for the cutting-edge, creative media workforce of the future.
Progression
Successful graduates of this programme are eligible to be considered for entry in to a masters degree. Your specialist skills and knowledge will enable you to find employment within music production and recording, post-production, radio, tv studios, film, gaming and animation production companies, sound design for the web and multimedia. In addition to this, graduates will have the required business skills necessary to start their own freelance practices.
Careers
Graduates have found employment in a variety of sectors within music industry. Some of the many great artists or facilities past pupils have worked with are: Prince, Kings of Leon, 50 Cent, Snoop Dog, U2, REM, Kylie Minogue, Windmill Pictures, Brown Bag, Ardmore Studios, RTÉ, FM104, TV3, RTÉ Radio, The Apprentice, Masterchef, Little Britain, Rivercottage, Harry Potter, Casino Royale, MTV, X-Factor, The Voice, Slane, Oxygen, O2, Electric Picnic, Riverdance and Lord of the Dance.
Course Content
STAGE 1 : Music Technology, Applications Technology, Recording Studio Principles, Music Theory/Aural Training, The Music Industry, Sound Reinforcement, Critical Listening And Audio Analysis.
STAGE 2:  Advanced Music Technology, Music Production & Recording, Music & Image, Sound Design, Music and Image, Live Music and Performance Technologies, History of Music Production and Recording.
STAGE 3: Dissertation, Advanced Music Production And Recording, Studio Design And Installation, Professional Practice, Songwriting/Arranging for music producers, Professional Client Project, Mixing, Remixing and Mastering. Programme modules and content are subject to ongoing quality assurance reviews and evolve to reflect emerging educational and industry developments.

BA (Hons) in Audio & Music Technology DUBLIN
Apply direct: www.griffith.ie
Course duration: Full-Time 3 years
Award Level: Level 8
Validated by: QQI
Delivered in association with Pulse College with classes taking place in the iconic Windmill Lane Recording Studios
About the Course
The BA (Hons) in Audio and Music Technology programme is run in partnership with Pulse College and aims to train learners in key industry disciplines including recording studios, live venue’s, TV, post-production, and live performance. Aimed at musicians, DJ’s, computer music hobbyists, and general lovers of music, this programme will train you with skills required for to succeed as a modern day Audio Professional. This programme will introduce learners how to record and produce music both in the home studio and in large recording studios where you will learn about live sound from both a performance and technical perspective. The modern “studio engineer” can record, mix and master audio but they also help produce. Whether it is programming drum parts or string sections or even being on stage, performing with a band. Please note you do not need to be a musician to be accepted onto this programme but someone who is passionate and enthusiastic for all thing’s music. Our learners will be trained in Windmill Lane Recording studios and will also be required to put on live shows and performances throughout out the duration of the programme.
Progression
Graduates of the BA (Hons) in Audio and Music Technology programme may be eligible to advance to progress to postgraduate programmes.
Careers
Graduates of the BA (Hons) in Audio and Music Technology will have a good basis for a future career in an industry-based profession such as a sound engineer, audio editor or music producer.
Course Content
STAGE 1: Music Technology, Applications Technology, Recording Studio Principles, Music Theory/Aural Training, The Music Industry, Sound Reinforcement, Critical Listening And Audio Analysis.
STAGE 2: Advanced Music Technology, Music Production & Recording, Sound Design, Music Theory/Aural Training, Advanced Sound Reinforcement, Live Music and Performance Technologies, History of Music Production and Recording.
STAGE 3: Dissertation, Advanced Music Production And Recording, Studio Design Installation, Professional Practice, Sound Design for Games, Live Events and Audio Streaming Technologies, Audio Post Production Techniques.

Creative Arts & Screen Media
Courses
BA (Hons) in Film, TV and Screen Media Production
BA in Film, TV and Screen Media Production
Certificate in TV Production and Design Practices
Certificate in Visual Effects for Screen and Virtual Reality
Certificate in Screen Media Production for Small to Medium Enterprises
Certificate in Live TV and Studio Broadcast
Certificate in Screen Production
Certificate in Digital Cinematography and Image Grading
Best Bits of Griffith Creative Arts & Screen Media:
1.	Work Placement: The full-time BA in Film, TV & Screen Media Production includes an  industry-focused work placement in its third year, enabling learners to gain invaluable experience in the Irish screen industry.
2.	Industry Links & Guest Speakers:  Our teaching team are practitioners drawn from disciplines throughout the film, TV, photography and other creative industries. In addition, acclaimed industry speakers give guest lecturers and share insights into their practice.
3.	Practical Education : Our learners work across many platforms, with each programme providing solid theoretical context, practical application, business context and professional development. Learners gain insight into professional workflows and how to connect art and industry while also exploring, experimenting and honing industry-ready skills.
4.	Facilities : On campus CASM students have access to professional grade equipment for industry standard education. Not only do these include our Film & TV studio capable of live broadcast and integrated 3D virtual sets, but also dozens of top of the range cameras and location sound recording equipment, the latest editing software in dedicated suites, multimedia production labs, our sound and dubbing suite, photographic studios, dark rooms, professional scanners and printers, and more.
5.	Annual Exhibitions and Graduation Showcase: Annually we create opportunities to celebrate and showcase our learners’ work at each stage of their programme, which includes film screenings and photography exhibitions. The culmination of which is our Graduation Showcase. This showcase is the final assessment for our learners and a launch pad into the creative industries. The showcase takes the form of a film premiere in a cinema alongside a week-long photography exhibition.
6.	Employability & Alumni:  The Irish Screen Industry is worth over €692 million and growing. A screen media programme at Griffith College will help you to stand outin this specialised and highly competitive industry. Our graduates are renowned for both their technical and aesthetic skills. Through the excellent industry reputation of our programmes, learners are assured of sector-leading teaching practices, using industry-standard techniques and technologies. Employers recognise the initiative and professionalism of Griffith graduates. Graduates from our Film, Television & Screen Media programmes are highly sought after with vibrant and growing alumni working for employers such as BBC, RTÉ, Virgin Media Television, TG4, Fox Searchlight Pictures, Element Pictures, Universal Pictures and the myriad of creative, independent production companies and studios which make up the thriving Irish screen sector. The names of our graduates can be seen in the credits of film, television and screen productions in a wide variety of roles ranging from production and direction through to camera, editing, VFX and marketing & distribution. Our Photography graduates are also recognise for their talent, initiative, and work ethic and work across a range of commercial, editorial and artistic genres. Some graduates work freelance shooting for brands like Dunne’s Stores, Brown Thomas, Deliveroo, Guinness, Jameson and Apple to name just a few, while others can be found in commercial roles in companies like Canon, Google, Sports File, OPW, Rolling News and The Library Project, Barry McCall Studios and Adams Auctioneers. Whether still or moving image, a programme in the Faculty of Creative Arts & Screen Media will give you the skills and opportunity to thrive in one of Ireland’s most creative and fastest-growing industries.

BA (Hons) in Film, TV & Screen Media Production DUBLIN
Apply direct: www.griffith.ie
Course duration: Full-Time 3 years
Part-Time 4 years
Award Level: Level 8
Validated by: QQI
CAO Code: See page 21
About the Course
The central purpose of the this programme is to equip learners with the practical and technical skills necessary to express and hone their creativity and to develop their abilities in a variety of aspects in the film, television and screen media Industries. The programme’s core intended learning outcomes focus on producing graduates equipped with advanced competences in practical and technical production alongside concept development and storytelling. Industry awareness is developed alongside creativity, concept development, an awareness of history and theory, industry-standard software and the ability to work individually and as part of a group. In this way, graduates are equipped with skills that meet the needs of emerging and pre-existing industry demands for numerous roles.
STAGE 1: Stage one modules establish core capabilities in both practical film, TV and screen media production alongside critical and contextual thinking and analysis. Central skills in cinematography, sound, postproduction, principles of TV studio production and related screen media and interactive storytelling modules are delivered at this stage of the programme.
STAGE 2 :During this stage of the programme, modules serve to enable the learner build on, deepen and develop subjects and skills established at phase one of the programme. Advanced modules in cinematography, sound, VFX and TV studio principles provide learners with the opportunity to deepen their understanding and application of foundational skills acquired at stage one. Learners are steered into considering specialisation through electives. Learners electing the Visual Effects for Screen module are steered towards the technical stream, whereas learners taking the Screenwriting elective are directed towards the storytelling stream.
STAGE 3: At the award stage of this programme, learners are required to pursue three electives from one of two streams; Technical Screen Media Production and Storytelling and International Production. Learners proposing to pursue electives in either stream must have completed/reached a base level of academic achievement in related / prerequisite modules undertaken at stage two of this programme. The Dissertation by Practice is an opportunity for learners to showcase their skills in the production of a series of industry-ready examples of screen content and short films.
Progression
Successful graduates of this programme are eligible to be considered for entry onto MA in TV & Radio Journalism. 
Careers
 Graduates will be in a position to enter the film, television and screen media industries working in any of the principle disciplines, i.e. research, development, writing, screenwriting, directing, editing, cinematography, sound recording & design, location sound, VFX and all roles on a production team.
Facilities
Learners are encouraged to avail of; a fully equipped multi-camera live broadcast TV Studio for vision mixing and broadcasting live studio programmes; a green-screen studio for CGI and VFX work; graphics labs for compositing and motion graphics; offline editing labs for content postproduction; colour correction suits; VR headsets, depth-sensing cameras, video production cameras and lighting equipment and broadcast standard camera, lighting and grip equipment for single camera and multi-camera on-location documentary and drama production.
Course Content
STAGE 1:  Production & Direction for Screen, TV Studio Principles, Writing for Screen, Film & Television History, Screen Culture & Theory, Introduction to Production Design, Introduction to Cinematography, Sound Recording & Production 1 Introduction to Post-Production Editing, Interactive Storytelling
STAGE 2 : Visual Storytelling & Direction for Screen, Screen Production Management, TV Studio Practice, Contemporary Audiovisual Culture, Applied Industry Skill & Professional Practice, Advanced Cinematography, Sound Recording & Production 2, Editing & Post-Production 2, Screenwriting (E), Visual Effects for Screen (E)
STAGE 3 :
Mandatory Modules: Dissertation by Practice, Advanced TV Studio, Marketing, Distribution & Exhibition, Research, Ethics & Audience, Critical Analysis: Screen Culture & Theory 
Electives [Storytelling and International Production stream] Advanced Screenwriting, Advanced Producing for Industry, Multi-Platform Content Direction, Advanced Production Design
Electives [Technical Screen Media Production stream] Sound Recording & Production 3, Advanced Visual Effects & Virtual Reality, Cinematography for Industry, Advanced Digital Editing & Mastering

BA in Film, TV & Screen Media Production DUBLIN
Apply direct: www.griffith.ie
Course duration: Full-Time, 3 years
Award Level: Level 7
Validated by: QQI
CAO Code: See page 21
About the Course
The central purpose of the Bachelor of Arts in Film, TV and Screen Media Production is to develop in learners the essential knowledge of practical and technical skills necessary to express their creativity and to develop their abilities to work in the dynamic film, TV and screen media industries. The primary approach of the programme is practical with an emphasis on active learning and the implementation of industry-standard processes – all underpinned by a theoretical and contextual framework. Learners are equipped to work in live TV broadcast environments as well as to produce location-based, single or multi-camera films, TV and online content. The programme equips learners to adapt to evolving industry needs. Throughout the programme, industry awareness is developed alongside creativity, concept development, an awareness of history and theory, storytelling, industry-standard software and the ability to work individually and as part of a group. Graduates of this NFQ Level 7 programme are equipped with skills that meet the needs of emerging and pre-existing industry demands for numerous roles. Upon completion of the programme, learners are able to apply, and further refine, their acquired knowledge to a variety of professional working environments. 
Progression
Successful graduates of this programme are eligible to be considered for entry onto the final year of the BA (Hons) in Film, TV and Screen Media Production.
Careers
Graduates will be in a position to enter the film, television and screen media industries working in any of the principle disciplines, i.e. research, development, writing, screenwriting, directing, editing, cinematography, sound recording & design, location sound, VFX and all roles on a production team.
Facilities
Learners are encouraged to avail of; a fully equipped multi-camera live broadcast TV Studio for vision mixing and broadcasting live studio programmes; a greenscreen studio for CGI and VFX work; graphics labs for for compositing and motion graphics; offline editing labs for content postproduction; colour correction suits; VR headsets, depth-sensing cameras, video production cameras and lighting equipment and broadcast standard camera, lighting and grip equipment for single camera and multi-camera on-location documentary and drama production.
Course Content
STAGE 1: Creative Studio Projects 1, Writing for Screen, Screen Productions 1, Presentation and TV Studio Basics, Creative Studio Projects 2, Storytelling for Screen, Screen Production 2, Visual Culture and Theory.
STAGE 2: Production and Direction for Screen, Writing for Screen, Film and TV History, Screen Culture and Theory, Introduction to Production Design, Introduction to Cinematography, Sound Recording and Production 1, Introduction to Post-Production Editing, Interactive Storytelling.
STAGE 3
Mandatory Modules: Visual Storytelling and Direction for Screen, Screen Production Management, TV Studio Practice, Contemporary Audiovisual Culture, Applied Industry Skill and Professional Practice, Advanced Cinematography, Sound Recording and Production 2, Editing and Post-Production 2, Editing and Post- Production 2.
Elective Modules: Screenwriting, Visual Effects for Screen.

Certificate in TV Production and Design Practices DUBLIN
Apply direct: www.griffith.ie
Course duration: 1 year, Part-Time, Blended
Award Level: QQI level 6 (60 ECTS)
Validated by: QQI
MODULES: 
Creative Studios Projects I ECTS 10
Writing for Screen ECTS 5
Screen Production I ECTS 10
Presentation & TV Studio Basics ECTS 5
Creative Studios Projects II ECTS 10
Storytelling for Screen ECTS 5
Screen Production II ECTS 10
Visual Culture & Theory ECTS 5

Course Details
The Certificate in TV Production and Design Practices provides an opportunity for learners to enhance their skills in TV production and design along with being able to identify the creative specialism they might wish to pursue as a career. This programme is designed to meet the demands from both the screen media and design industries for graduates who possess a unique blend of conceptual, creative, and technological skills. These multi-disciplinary creatives will have the ability to develop a portfolio that demonstrates industry-standard design and screen production skills. Not only that, but students will also engage with all stages of the completion of a production – from concept inception to post-production.
Facilities
Broadcast standard audio, camera, lighting and grip equipment for single camera and multi-camera on location documentary production. Online and offline editing labs for content post-production and colour correction suites.
Progression
Graduates from the certificate are eligible to apply for advanced entry at stage 2 on the BA in Film, TV, and Screen Media Production.

Certificate in Visual Effects for Screen and Virtual Reality DUBLIN
Apply direct: www.griffith.ie
Course duration: 1 year, Part-Time, Blended
Award Level: QQI level 8 (15 ECTS)
Validated by: QQI
MODULES
Interactive Storytelling ECTS 5
Visual Effects for Screen ECTS 5
Advanced Visual Effects and Virtual Reality ECTS 5
Course Details
The Certificate in Visual Effects for Screen and Virtual Reality is designed for those who have an interest in in visual effects and virtual reality but have not yet completed a related programme and do not have a portfolio to showcase their work. This programme aims to foster creative talent and generate industry practitioners emphasising the VFX and VR sectors. Through an integrated learning experience in interactive storytelling, VFX, and VR, the resulting graduate will be capable of producing highly specialised assets and publishing them on various platforms. This programme aims to produce graduates who possess a blend of technical and creative skills. 
Facilities
Industry-standard software including a contemporary game engine, 3D modelling and texturing tools. Computer labs suitable for post-production, VFX, VR and AR, image grading and mastering. VR headsets, depth sensing cameras, video production cameras and lighting equipment. Chroma greenscreen facilities.
Progression
Learners can progress onto the BA (Hons) in Film, TV & Screen Media Production with exemptions in any modules covered as part of this certificate.

Certificate in Screen Media Production for Small to Medium Enterprises DUBLIN
Apply direct: www.griffith.ie
Course duration: 1 year, Part time, blended
Award Level: QQI level 6 (25 ECTS)
Validated by: QQI
MODULES
Screen Production I ECTS 10
Writing for Screen ECTS 5
Presentation & TV Studio Basics ECTS 5
Storytelling for Screen ECTS 5
Course Details
With the rise of digital and social marketing, never has screen media content production been as important for small to medium sized businesses. The Certificate in Screen Media Production for Small to Medium Enterprises (SMEs) endeavours to give individuals the skills, knowledge, competencies, and experience to fulfil this increased needed for in-house video production capabilities.
Never has screen media content production been as accessible or as important for small to medium sized businesses. This certificate aims to equip learners with skills to meet the video production needs of SMEs to either allow in-house team members to become in-house content producers along with developing their skills to work alongside commercial production companies for large-scale production. The programme is made up of four modules, Writing for Screen, Storytelling for Screen, Presentation and TV Studio Basics and Screen Production. 
Facilities
Industry standard camera, lighting and grip equipment. Computer lab with editing software and screening facilities.
Progression
Learners who have completed modules on the proposed embedded awards may apply to transfer to this Level 8 degree programme (with exemptions).

Certificate in Live TV and Studio Broadcast DUBLIN
Apply direct: www.griffith.ie
Course duration: 1 year, Part-Time, Blended
Award Level: QQI level 8 (20 ECTS)
Validated by: QQI
MODULES
TV Studio Principles ECTS 5
TV Studio Practice ECTS 5
Advanced TV Studio ECTS 10
Course Details
The Certificate in Live TV and Studio Broadcast aims to prepare candidates for employment in the screen media industries and aims to equip learners with the core knowledge and skills needed to produce and broadcast live TV studio content. This is achieved by teaching a comprehensive range of industry-standard TV studio technologies, storytelling, presentation, research approaches, and production techniques. The Certificate in Live TV and Studio Broadcast equips learners with industry-ready skills across a wide range of advanced multi-camera TV and virtual studio-based technologies. This future-focused programme ensures that graduates are prepared for the demanding and multi-disciplinary world of modern live television production and broadcast.
Facilities
Lighting rig and talk-back communications system. TriCaster vision mixing desk, computer interface and SSD file storage. A dedicated video grading suite. Video production kits including professional camera and audio recording equipment. A full list of equipment is available upon request.
Progression
Learners can progress onto the BA (Hons) in Film, TV & Screen Media Production with exemptions in any modules covered as part of this certificate.

Certificate in Screen Production DUBLIN
Apply direct: www.griffith.ie
Course duration: 1 Semester, Part time, blended
Award Level: QQI level 6 (10 ECTS)
Validated by: QQI
MODULES : Screen Production I ECTS 10
Course Details
The Certificate in Screen Production equips learners with the abilities to conceive ideas and develop original material suitable to approach the production of a short factual item for multiplatform distribution. This practical single-module certificate award is based on current industry best-practice in short-form screen media content production and emulates industry processes to equip learners with the basic practical skills to produce short-form audio-visual branded content/ commercial content for multiplatform distribution. Learners are introduced to the practical skills needed in each phase of screen media production – pre-production, production, and post-production – and make informed, logical, and creative decisions at every stage. This programme is ideal for those who are unable or uncertain to make a long-term educational commitment but offers a pathway to consider their options in further study or a career in film or TV production. This practical award brings learners who have no experience in film or TV production through the screen content production cycle, providing an opportunity for development and experimentation in technical, production, conceptual and creative fields.
Facilities
Industry standard camera, lighting and grip equipment. Computer lab with editing software and screening facilities.
Progression
Learners who have completed modules on the proposed embedded awards may apply to transfer to this Level 8 degree programme (with exemptions) .

Certificate in Digital Cinematography and Image Grading DUBLIN
Apply direct: www.griffith.ie
Course duration: 1 year, Part-Time, Blended
Award Level: QQI level 8 (20 ECTS)
Validated by: QQI
MODULES :
Intro to Cinematography ECTS 5
Advanced Cinematography ECTS 5
Advanced Digital Editing and Mastering ECTS 5
Cinematography for Industry ECTS 5
Course Details
The Certificate in Digital Cinematography and Image Grading is intended for those interested in cinematography and who wish to gain core skills in camera operation, data management, and equipment handling. This programme aims to provide learners with the knowledge and concepts to cultivate practical and conceptual skills to work as an camera assistant, as an entry-level camera operator, or as a self- shooting content producer/director. The programme provides learners with both a broad and deep introduction to cinematography and image grading, where graduates will have developed skills in camera operations, lighting, camera movement, visual effect cinematography, along with working with clients, and completing industry-standard cinematography deliverables.
Facilities
Industry standard cameras, lighting and grip equipment. Studio space to conduct lighting workshops. Computer lab with editing software and screening facilities.
Progression
Learners can progress onto the BA (Hons) in Film, TV & Screen Media Production with exemptions in any modules covered as part of this certificate.





Design Courses 
BA (Hons) Fashion Design 
BA in Fashion Design BA (Hons) Graphic Communication Design 
BA in Graphic Communication Design BA (Hons) Interior Architecture 
BA in Interior Architecture and Design 
BA (Hons) in Creative Technologies and Digital Art 
BA in Animation 
Certificate in Art and Design 
Diploma in Building Information Modelling (BIM) and Graphic Illustration 
Certificate in Building Information Modelling (BIM) and Graphic Illustration 
Certificate in Introduction to BIM (using Revit) 
Certificate in Advanced BIM and BIM Collaboration (using Revit)
Certificate in Advanced Rendering Diploma in Entrepreneurship and Project Management (Built Environment) 
Certificate in Entrepreneurship and Project Management (Built Environment) 
Certificate in Entrepreneurship (Built Environment) Certificate in Project Management (Built Environment) 
Diploma in Conservation, Sustainability and Adaptive Reuse 
Certificate in Conservation, Sustainability and Adaptive Reuse

Best Bits of Griffith Design
Griffith College offers a selection of courses for those seeking a career in Design. Our reputation is highly regarded within Industry and our graduates are actively sought after by employers upon completing the Programmes.
1.	Industry Recognition We maintain an outstanding reputation and create graduate designers who have strong creative, technology and business skills that are industry ready. Our alumni have careers with brands and employers such as Anna Sui, Avoca, Dunnes Stores, Fee G, Gareth Pugh, Mariana Junkman, Esquire Footwear NYC, IDOL Magazine, Primark, Reiss, Rick Owens, Simone Rocha, Styltex, Tally Weijl, Vivienne Westwood, Henry J Lyons Architects, Design Squared, RKD Architects, O’Donnell O’Neill Design. Our learners work on live projects set by companies and organisations such as Avoca, Arnotts, Heatons, Lectra, Primark, Dublin City Council, St Luke’s Hospital Rathgar. Our programmes are recognized by the European Council of Architects (ECIA) and the IDI (the Institute of Designers in Ireland). The Design Faculty is a member of the International Design Education Assembly, Cumulus, IE (Interior Educators) the UK based association of Educators for the Interiors industry and Lectra’s Educational Partnership programme.
2.	Field Trips Experiential learning is an important part of our courses, with most modules having class trips as a part of their curriculum. Every year the faculty travels internationally and nationally to places with both current and historical design importance. Previous trips have included London, Rome, Milan, Berlin, Paris, Bilbao, Barcelona and Venice.
3.	Awards The calibre of work produced by the Design Faculty has been recognized numerous times through industry awards and exhibitions. Design learners have won many prestigious design awards and commissions. 
-	Universal Design Award 
-	DCU Young Designer of the Year Award 
-	Dublin Fashion Festival Young Designer of The Year 
-	Frankfurt Style Award 
-	Golden Egg Fashion Innovation Award 
-	IDI Graduate Award 
-	Kerry Fashion Week Young Fashion Designer of the Year 
-	Mercedes-Benz Designer of the Year 
-	Ryanair Uniforms designed by Emma Collopy 
-	Nissan Generation Next UCD Young Designer of the Year 
-	Triumph Inspiration Online Voting Award 
-	Vodafone DIT Student Design Award 
-	World Expo Shanghai Exhibitors
4.	Industry Links The Design Faculty ensures programmes and teaching methodology remain relevant as both staff and the lecturing teams are accomplished practicing designers, architects, buyers, business professionals, marketers and art historians. To ensure we are meeting the current needs of the industry and following best practice, our courses are regularly reviewed by industry professionals and we respond to the changing requirements of Industry in a fast and fluid manner. Industry Professionals are regularly invited to give guest lectures and participate in award year critiques. Interior Design and Architecture Internships Interior Design learners have also secured internships and fulltime positions with IKEA, Douglas Wallace Architects, HJ Lyons Architects, O’Donnell O’Neill Design, HKR in Ireland as well as Norman Foster in London and Jonathan Adler N.Y.C. Fashion Design learners have been awarded internships at Alison Conneely, Avoca, Caroline Kilkenny, Dunnes, Fee G, Heatons, Helen Cody, Helen McAlinden, Jennifer Rothwell, Joanne Hynes, Liz Quin, Louis Copeland, Primark, Percival and Styltex
5.	Press and Industry Exhibition The annual Creative showcase in May, is a platform for the promotion of our talented young designers and their work. This exciting exhibition is launched with a Press and Industry Event, which affords our graduates the opportunity to meet employers and buyers. Guests are given a unique insight into the inspiration of the creative work of the Fashion Design graduates, allowing employers, photographers, stylists, and media to take a glimpse at the look books and meet the new talented emerging designer. The event bridges the gap between graduation and employment and offers employment, internships and media opportunities and has featured on TV3’s Exposé and in local and national media.
6.	What Sets Us Apart At Griffith College Faculty of Design, the curriculum includes Creative Design, Technology and Business. We consider these to be inextricably intertwined. Our graduates are extremely well equipped to think commercially and creatively in their future careers. The programme has been developed to meet current and emerging career opportunities within the Design industry. It also provides a platform for the learner to consider an entrepreneurial venture as a young startup business.

BA (Hons) in Fashion Design DUBLIN
About the Course 
The BA (Hons) in Fashion Design (Level 8) degree is a full-time, 3-year programme of study. Though the main focus is on design and creativity, the programme covers all aspects of the fashion industry, which is supported with professional practice skills, including brand and marketing, business and entrepreneurship. Learners gain experience with the latest fashion illustration and computer-aided design (CAD) and skills such as traditional tailoring, drape, digital textiles, knit and embellishment techniques are developed. This ensures our graduates have the most current skills required to be successful in the Fashion industry. Learners explore a personal design direction – from idea generation, design development and pattern creation through to garment construction using contemporary production techniques. The programme reflects the changes taking place in the fashion industry, recognising that traditional manufacturing bases have been relocated to low cost economics. Our programme has responded to this need with a comprehensive syllabus offering training in the most up-to-date 3D virtual design software programme creating true-to-life garment visualisation with cutting-edge simulation technology. Our graduates are prepared for employment as fashion designers liaising with offshore production facilities, buyers, stylists, trend forecasters, or any other role that requires the application of creative design supported by technical and business knowledge
Progression 
Holders of this qualification may wish to pursue postgraduate study. Learners who successfully graduate from Griffith College can choose postgraduate study options which include specialist areas of study leading to a Master of Arts award. 
Careers 
Graduates typically find employment in the following career areas: Fashion Design, Fashion Illustration, Pattern Cutting, Fashion Forecasting, Costume Design, 3D Virtual Design, Fashion Buying, Fashion Journalism, Brand and Marketing, Fashion Styling, Image Consulting, Production Supervision, Garment Quality Control, Fabric & Trim Purchasing, Fashion Business. 
Course Content 
STAGE 1 Fashion Design 1, Garment Construction 1, Design Graphics 1, The Business of Fashion, Contextual Studies for Fashion, Fashion Design 2, Garment Construction 2, Design Graphics 2, Textile Theory and Application, Design Culture & Theory. 
STAGE 2 Fashion Design 3, Garment Construction 3, Fashion Illustration, Design Futures, Entrepreneurship & Business, Fashion Design 4, Garment Construction 4, Digital Fashion Portfolio, Photography and Video, Brand and Marketing. 
STAGE 3 Major Fashion Projects, Garment Construction Projects, Dissertation, 3D Digital Design, Professional Practice and Portfolio.
Apply direct: www.griffith.ie 
Course duration: Full-Time 3 years 
Award Level: Level 8 Validated by: QQI CAO

BA in Fashion Design DUBLIN
About the Course 
This level 7 degree is a full-time, 3-year programme of study. Though the main focus is on design and creativity, the programme covers all aspects of the fashion industry, which is supported with professional practice skills, including brand and marketing, business and entrepreneurship. Learners gain experience with the latest fashion Illustration and computer aided design (CAD), and skills such as traditional tailoring, drape, digital textiles, knit and embellishment techniques are developed. This ensures our graduates have the most current skills required to be successful in the Fashion industry. Learners explore a personal design direction – from idea generation, design development and pattern creation through to garment construction using contemporary production techniques. The programme reflects the changes taking place in the fashion industry, recognising that traditional manufacturing bases have been relocated to low cost economics. Our graduates are prepared for employment as fashion designers, stylists, trend forecasters, or any other role that requires the application of creative design supported by technical and business knowledge. Like the honours degree, this programme has been created with consultation from industry professionals and is staffed by practicing Fashion Designers subject specialists to current best practice within industry and approved by QQI.
Progression 
Graduates may progress to the final year of the QQI BA (Hons) in Fashion Design.
Career Progression
There is a wide range of career options for our graduates including: Fashion Designer, Own Label, Fashion Illustrator, Costume Designer, Fashion Forecaster, Fashion Stylist, Fashion Buying, Fashion Journalist, Image Consultant, Fashion Show Producer, Offshore Manager, Pattern Drafter, Production Supervisor, Quality Controller, Fabric & Trims Purchaser, Textile Designer, Garment Technologist
Course Content 
STAGE 1 Creative Studio Projects 1, 2D Drawing and Image Making Techniques, Digital Design Tools 1, Design Principles, Creative Studio Projects 2, 3D Free Hand Drawing Techniques, Digital Design Tools 2, Visual Culture and Theory. 
STAGE 2 Fashion Design 1, Garment Construction 1, Design Graphics 1, The Business of Fashion, Contextual Studies for Fashion, Fashion Design 2, Garement Construction 2, Design Graphics 2, Textile Theory and Application, Design Culture and Theory. 
STAGE 3 Fashion Design 3, Garment Construction 3, Fashion Illustration, Design Futures, Entrepreneurship & Business, Fashion Design 4, Garment Construction 4, Digital Fashion Portfolio, Photography and Video, Brand and Marketing.
Apply direct: www.griffith.ie 
Course duration: Full-Time 3 years 
Award Level: Level 7 Validated by: QQI

BA (Hons) in Graphic Communication Design DUBLIN
About the Course 
The BA (Hons) in Graphic Communication Design is a three-year level 8 degree course available on a full-time basis. This challenging degree will teach you how to continuously respond with creativity, and create innovative visuals while developing a keen understanding of consumer culture and market trends. 
-	Achieve an honours degree in Graphic Communication Design in three years. 
-	Investigate up-to-the-minute tools and trends of the trade, including introductory and advanced web design. 
-	A broad range of modules, including business and marketing aim to prepare the students for the Design industry. 
-	Receive a solid foundation in traditional design practices alongside modern concepts of graphic design and develop your skills and style across multiple media. 
-	Learn to think creatively when faced with design challenges, adapt to industry changes, and recognise key trends and the integral role of target markets and consumer culture in their design. 
-	The practical nature of the course encourages students to learn by doing while small class sizes ensure you can work closely with your tutors. 
-	The calibre of work produced by the Design Faculty has been recognised numerous times through industry awards and exhibitions. 
-	Our Design Faculty graduates work showcases during our annual Creative Week 
-	100% continuous assessment means learners do not need to sit written exams.
Course Highlights 
Class Field Trips - Every year classes travel to current and historical places of design importance, both nationally and internationally. Previous trips have included London, Rome, Milan, Berlin, Paris, Bilbao, Barcelona, and Venice. Industry Links - You will be taught by practising architects, designers, buyers, and art historians. Professionals from the industry regularly give guest lectures. 
Progression 
You’ll have gained a unique knowledge of traditional design, graphic design, business and marketing, as well as created an extensive practical portfolio upon completion of this course. Following on from your undergraduate studies you may wish to pursue postgraduate study in other academic institutions in Ireland or abroad. Graduate may consider progressing within Griffith College onto the following programme: MSc in Applied Digital Media 
Careers 
Through the BA (Hons) in Graphic Communication Design, you will have gained valuable design experience, built a strong foundation of creative skills, and covered a diverse range of topics. As a result, you will have the experience to work within a wide variety of areas. Graduates are employed in many fields including design agencies, graphic design, advertising, web design, game design, broadcasting, post-production for television and film, illustration, and promotion. 
Course Content 
STAGE 1 - Communication Design 1, Typography 1, Design Graphics 1, Illustration 1, Contextual Studies for Visual Communication, Communication Design 2, Advertising and Editorial Photography, Design Graphics 2, Illustration 2, Design Culture and Theory. 
STAGE 2 - Communication Design 3, Typography 2, Web Design, Design Futures, Entrepreneurship and Business, Communication Design 4, Interaction Design, Photography and Video, Brand and Marketing. 
STAGE 3 - Communication Design 5, Advanced Web Design, Motion Graphics, Dissertation, Major Project, Professional Practice & Portfolio.
 
BA in Graphic Communication Design DUBLIN
About the Course 
The BA in Graphic Communication Design is a three-year level 7 degree course available on a full-time basis. This challenging degree will teach you how to continuously respond with creativity, and create innovative visuals while developing a keen understanding of consumer culture and market trends. 
-	Investigate up-to-the-minute tools and trends of the trade, including introductory and advanced web design 
-	A broad range of modules, including business and marketing aim to prepare the students for the Design industry. 
-	Receive a solid foundation in traditional design practices alongside modern concepts of graphic design and develop your skills and style across multiple media. 
-	Learn to think creatively when faced with design challenges, adapt to industry changes, and recognise key trends and the integral role of target markets and consumer culture in their design.
Course Highlights 
Class Field Trips - Every year classes travel to current and historical places of design importance, both nationally and internationally. Previous trips have included London, Rome, Milan, Berlin, Paris, Bilbao, Barcelona, and Venice. Industry Links - You will be taught by practising architects, designers, buyers, and art historians. Professionals from the industry regularly give guest lectures. 
Progression 
Student can progress into the final year of the BA (Hons) in Graphic Communication Design
Course Content 
STAGE 1 Creative Studio Projects 1, 2D Drawing and Image Making Techniques, Digital Design Tools 1, Design Principles, Creative Studio Projects 2, 3D Drawing Techniques, Digital Design Tools 2, Visual Culture & Theory. 
STAGE 2 Communication Design 1, Typography 1, Design Graphics 1, Illustration 1, Contextual Studies for Graphic Communication, Communication Design 2, Advertising and Editorial Photography, Design Graphics 2, Illustration 2, Design Culture & Theory. 
STAGE 3 Communication Design 3, Typography 2, Web Design, Design Futures, Entrepreneurship and Business, Communication Design 4, Interaction Design, Photography and Video, Brand and Marketing.
Apply direct: www.griffith.ie 
Course duration: Full-Time 3 years 
Award Level: Level 7 Validated by: QQI CAO 

BA (Hons) in Interior Architecture DUBLIN
About the Course 
The honor’s degree programme has been designed in response to an increased demand from industry for honor’s degree level employees with specific skills relating to Interior Architecture including spatial planning; design detailing, technologies, problem solving and visualisation techniques, and presentation skills. Learners are required to take part in in-depth research, apply knowledge of building technology and regulations, organise and manage project solutions, and communicate their designs using digital design programmes. Graduates of this programme leave with extensive experience in creating, analysing and interpreting project briefs. They will be able to problem solve complex design issues and work independently and in groups to find solutions. Learners will leave with advanced skills in space planning; design detailing, materials selection and specification. They will gain insight into the social implications of design and understand at a deeper level how design and community interact in the real world. This programme is recognised by the European Council of Interior Architects (ECIA), The Irish Interior Association (IA) and the Institute of Designers in Ireland (IDI).
Progression 
Holders of this qualification may wish to pursue a postgraduate diploma or master’s programme in Interior Architecture or related disciplines. While the course provides valuable knowledge and skills related to interior architecture and design, it is essential to note that the Royal Institute of the Architects of Ireland (RIAI), the Regulatory and Professional Support body in Ireland, does not recognise this specific qualification as meeting their professional standards and requirements for the profession of architect
Careers 
Interior Architecture, Own Design practice, Residential Interior Designer, Retail Store Designer, Film and Set Designer, Hospitality Designer, Exhibition Designer, Office Designer, Facilities Space Planner, CAD Technician, 3D Visualizer, Material Consultant, Interior Project Director, Interior Design Project Manager. 
Course Content 
STAGE 1 Interior Projects 1, Ergonomics & Arthropometrics, Architectural Drafting & 2D CAD, Design Graphics 1, History of Interior Design & Architecture, Materials & Finishes, Interior Projects 2, Advanced 2D CAD & 3D CAD, Building Regulations in Interior Design, Lighting Design, Design Culture & Theory. 
STAGE 2 Interior Projects 3, Introduction to BIM, Furniture & Fittings, Design Features, Entrepreneurship & Business, Interior Projects 4, Advanced BIM, Building Construction, Brand & Marketing, Sustainability in Interior Design. 
STAGE 3 Interior Projects 5, BIM Collaboration, Dissertation, Conservation of Interior Environments, Interior Projects 6, Advanced Rendering, Project Management, Materials Science & Structural Mechanics, Practice Management.
Apply direct: www.griffith.ie 
Course duration: Full-Time 3 years Entry Requirement:Portfolio* 
Award Level: Level 8 Validated by: QQI CAO Code: See page 21 *Contact Admissions for further info

BA in Interior Architecture and Design DUBLIN CORK
About the Course 
This three year level 7 degree can be taken as a fulltime or evening access programme (all candidates for the evening access programme should be 23 years or older). This programme takes the learner from initiation through to successful completion of project work, to produce a graduate who can create, design, problem solve and act professionally in all related working environments. Successful graduates are industry ready, proficient creatively and technically to propose innovative solutions and problem solving expertise within the built environment. Similar with the honours degree, this programme has been created with consultation from industry professionals and is staffed by practicing Designers, Architects and subject specialists to current best practice within industry and approved by QQI. The programme now includes the Adobe Suite, SketchUp, AutoCAD, Revit, as well as traditional communication tools such as model making and freehand drawing. 
Progression 
Graduates may progress to the final year of the QQI BA (Hons) in Interior Architecture programme upon achieving the necessary results. 
Careers 
Interior Designer, Interior Stylist, House Showroom Designer, Residential Interior Designer, Retail Store Designer, Film and Set Designer, Hospitality Designer, Exhibition Designer, Display Designer, Office Designer, CAD Technician, Design Account Manager. While the course provides valuable knowledge and skills related to interior architecture and design, it is essential to note that the Royal Institute of the Architects of Ireland (RIAI), the Regulatory and Professional Support body in Ireland, does not recognise this specific qualification as meeting their professional standards and requirements for the profession of architect.
Course Content 
STAGE 1 Creative Studio Projects 1, 2D Drawing & Image Making Techniques, Digital Design Tools 1, Design Principles, Creative Studio Projects 2, 3D Drawing Techniques, Digital Deign Tools 2, Visual Culture & Theory. 
STAGE 2 Interior Projects 1, Ergonomics & Anthropometrics, Architectural Drafting & 2D CAD, Design Graphics 1, History of Interior Design & Architecture, Materials & Finishes, Interior Projects 2, Advanced 2D CAD & 3D CAD, Building Regulations in Interior Design, Lighting Design, Design Culture & Theory. 
STAGE 3 Interior Projects 3, Introduction to BIM, Furniture & Fittings Entrepreneurship & Business, Interior Projects 4, Advanced BIM, Building Construction, Brand and Marketing, Sustainability in Interior Design.
Apply direct: www.griffith.ie 
Course duration: Full-Time 3 years Part-Time 3 years
Award Level: Level 7 Validated by: QQI CAO 

BA (Hons) in Creative Technologies and Digital Art DUBLIN
Course Details 
The BA (Hons) in Creative Technologies and Digital Art is designed to equip learners with the creative, technical, and critical skills needed to pursue a career in the field of digital design and the creative technologies. In recent years, this field has widened from the traditional industries of gaming and animation to include medicine, flight simulation, architecture and sales and marketing. This BA (Hons) programme is designed to meet the current and projected needs of Ireland’s growing entertainment and media industry by equipping graduates with the requisite skills and knowledge demanded by employers in the fields of animation and video game design. However, the programme does not exclusively focus on games development, with modules looking to enhance skills in the fields of sound engineering, photography, and filmography. Overall, this programme offers a well-rounded, focused educational experience which will open a wide array of employment opportunities to successful graduates. All learners are introduced to key foundational technical skills in stage one (Introduction to Programming, 2D Art, Design and Animation, etc.), to basic skills required for critical evaluation (Research Methods) and are encouraged, at a very simplistic level, to find their creative voice (Visual Media). These elementary skills are subsequently expanded and developed at stage two of the BA (Hons). By the end of stage three, learners on the BA (Hons) have the technical skills necessary to articulate their artistic vision, but also the analytical acumen both to anticipate and surmount problems that may arise in developing an artefact; to understand how their project ties in with the state of the art and the possible implications that it may have for both individuals and the wider society as a whole. The course aims to not just equip the learner with the technical skills needed to flourish in a range of Apply direct: www.griffith.ie Course duration: Full-Time 3 years Award Level: QQI Level 8 (180 ECTS) Validated by: QQI Pulse College industries, but also to help them find their creative voice, which is developed over the duration of the three-year course. As digital and multimedia technologies become increasingly central to an ever-expanding number of diverse industries, graduates schooled in these technologies are of increased demand in the areas such as the video game industry; animation; architecture; the film industry; in developing applications within the aircraft design and flight simulation sector; and in the field of medical training. For example, game engine technology is of relevance in a burgeoning array of sectors, such as tourism, sales and marketing, aviation, and architecture
Entry Requirements 
The minimum entry requirement is Grade H5 or better in two Leaving Certificate subjects, and grade O6 / H7 in 4 additional subjects. The subjects must include mathematics and English or Irish. It is beneficial, but not necessary, for learners to have previously studied art and/or design, or computer programming; however, all learners will be subject to a suitability interview. Mature applicants over the age of 23, may also apply on the basis of work experience. 
Modules 
STAGE 1 Introduction to Programming; 2D Art, Design and Animation; 3D Modelling for Games; Game Theory; Programming for Games; Games Design and Architecture; Visual Media: Art, Image and Culture; Research Methods; Mathematics for Digital Application 
STAGE 2 Procedural Programming and Generation; UI Design and Implementation; Shaders and Technical Art; Introduction to Audio; Algorithms and Data Structure; 3D Animation and Environment for Games; Level Design and Interactions; Narrative for Games; Art and Technology: Critical Analysis 
STAGE 3 XR Technologies; Interactive Design Portfolio; Business and Entrepreneurship; Proposal for Final Project; Final Project (30 ECTS)
Apply direct: www.griffith.ie 
Course duration: Full-Time 3 years 
Award Level: QQI Level 8 (180 ECTS) Validated by: QQI Pulse College

BA in Animation Delivered in association with Pulse College DUBLIN
Griffith college is very excited to partner with Pulse College to deliver this unique and industry focused BA in Animation.The programme is developed and taught by practising industry professionals to ensure that you receive the very highest levels of training. A key part of the programme involves producing a portfolio of work that will help you get into the exciting and growing animation industry, both in Ireland and internationally. Studying at Griffith College will introduce you to valuable, professional work-flows, and teach you all aspects of the animation pipeline, from concept through to post-production. Practical experience is as essential element of our unique programme. There are 20 hours per week in class, Monday to Friday, with study spaces and extra tutoring available to practise and refine your skills. 
About the Course 
This course covers the full range of topics from drawing skills to 3D modelling, 3D lighting, character texturing, character animating, environmental modelling, animation rendering, and 2D animation, Comic Books and Sequential Art, Animation for Video Games. It will also teach you valuable professional workflows. A key aspect of this course is to produce a portfolio over the duration of the course that will help you to break into the dynamic and creative animation industry. During the programme, you will learn about: 
-	Animating in 2D 
-	Designing a character for 3D Modelling 
-	How to create a 3D character model 
-	How to add colour to your character 
-	Making your character move 
-	Developing storyboards for animation 
-	Creating an environment to house your character
-	Camera and lighting effects to make your animation pop 
-	Life Drawing 
-	Comic Books and Sequential Art 
-	Animation for Video Games
Whether you want to be an animator, character designer for games, concept artist, or VFX animator, this course can set you on the right track to achieving your goal. 
Course Content 
STAGE 1 
2D Digital Imaging 1, Animation Principals & History, Life Drawing, Storyboarding and Layout, 3D Modelling 1 (Characters and environments), 3D Rigging and Animation, Texturing and Unwrapping, Visual Culture and Theory 1. 
STAGE 2 
2D Digital Imaging 2, Narrative and Storytelling, Life Drawing for Animation, 3D Modelling 1 (Characters and Video Games), 3D Advanced Rigging and Animation, Special Effects, Compositing & Motion Graphics, Sequential Art Design and Production (Comic Art and Production), Visual Culture and Theory 2 
STAGE 3 
Final Project, 3D Sculpting & Modelling, Videogames Tools and Environments, Audio Production, Entrepreneurship (Marketing for business).
Apply direct: www.griffith.ie 
Course duration: Full-Time 3 years 
Award Level: Level 7 Validated by: QQI

Certificate in Art & Design DUBLIN
About the Course 
The purpose of this award is to equip the learner with the knowledge, skill and competence to develop an analytical and methodical approach to designing and developing designs. It is also to introduce the learner to a broad range of design disciplines before choosing their pathway in Interior Design/ Architecture, Fashion & Textiles, Graphic design & Illustration and Animation. It also allows learners a pathway onto a level 8 award within the Design faculty. The key abilities which contribute to successful individual participation on the programme have been identified as: creativity in design; competence in communication in a variety of media; an ability to draw; technical understanding; and organisation. Candidates are expected to have a keen interest in: the cultural and social factors in design; creative expression and innovation; and to have a capacity for both independent work and teamwork. 
Progression 
Learners who complete this programme can progress onto Stage 1 of the BA (Hons) in Fashion Design, the BA (Hons) in Interior Architecture, BA (Hons) in Animation or the BA (Hons) in Graphic Communication Design. 
Course Content 
STAGE 1 
Semester I: Creative Studio Projects 1, 2D Drawing and Image Making Techniques, Digital Design Tools 1, Design Principles. 
Semester II: Creative Studio Projects 2, 3D Drawing Techniques, Digital Design Tools 2, Visual Culture & Theory
Apply direct: www.griffith.ie 
Course duration: Full-Time 1 year 
Award Level: Level 6 Validated by: QQI

Diploma in Building Information Modelling (BIM) and Graphic Illustration DUBLIN
About the Course 
The Diploma in Building Information Modelling (BIM) and Graphic Illustration is designed to introduce Building Information Modelling (BIM) and explore and develop skills in BIM using Revit software, rendering skills using visualising computer-aided software and graphic Illustration skills using Adobe Suite programmes. It consists of 6 modules taught over two semesters. This programme is designed to introduce Building Information Modelling (BIM) and to explore and develop skills in BIM using Revit software, rendering skills using visualising computer-aided software and graphic Illustration skills using Adobe Suite programmes. Learners are introduced to the software Revit, and will develop an understanding of BIM’s technical issues through individual effort. Learners will produce complex 3D models in the built environment to include interior and building services. They will extract 2D documentation plans, sections, and elevations from the model and render 3D views to a high degree of expertise. Learners are also introduced to Bitmap & Vector Graphics applications such as Adobe Creative Cloud. Learners develop an understanding of BIM’s technical issues through individual effort and produce complex 3D models in the built environment to include interior and building services. Learners extract 2D documentation plans, sections, and elevations from the model and render 3D views to a high degree of expertise. Learners are also introduced to Bitmap & Vector Graphics applications such as Adobe Photoshop.
Course Content 
STAGE 1 - Introduction to BIM (using Revit); Revit Rendering; and Graphic Illustration I 
STAGE 2 - Advanced BIM and BIM Collaboration (using Revit); and Advanced Rendering, Graphic Illustration II 
Course Delivery 
The blended mode of delivery offers learners a more flexible learning environment and provides an opportunity for those living outside the greater Dublin area to study in Griffith College. This programme supports a split between online (20%) and classroom (80%) lectures and include engagement with the local community and industry and attendances at seminars and CPDs arranged by specialist and professional practitioners as well as undertaking fieldtrips relating to new research and development. Classes are delivered using a Hybrid delivery method with classes being recorded and available for leaners to catch up and review outside of timetables classes. 
Entry Requirements 
Learners who already have a full qualification in background of building design and construction related programmes or a cognate discipline (Level 7), or a relevant level of experience of working in industry. Candidates will already have a solid foundation and in-depth understanding of built environment, and require prior knowledge and proficiency in 2D CAD or other architectural technical tools.
Apply direct: www.griffith.ie 
Course duration: 1 Year, Part-Time, Blended 
Award Level: QQI level 8 (60 ECTS) Special Purpose Award Validated by: QQI

Certificate in Building Information Modelling (BIM) and Graphic Illustration DUBLIN
About the Course 
The Certificate in Building Information Modelling (BIM) and Graphic Illustration programme consists of 3 modules taught over one semester. This programme is designed to introduce Building Information Modelling (BIM) where learners produce complex 3D models in the built environment to include interior and building services and they will extract 2D documentation plans, sections, elevations from the model, and render 3D views to a high degree of expertise. Learners are also introduced to Bitmap and Vector Graphics applications such as Adobe Photoshop. 
Course Delivery 
The blended mode of delivery offers learners a more flexible learning environment and this programme supports a split between online (20%) and classroom (80%) lectures. It also includes engagement with the local community and industry, attendances at seminars and CPDs arranged by specialist and professional practitioners, as well as undertaking fieldtrips relating to new research and development. Classes are delivered using a Hybrid delivery method with classes being recorded and available for leaners to catch up and review outside of timetables classes. 
Entry Requirements 
Learners who already have a full qualification in background of building design and construction related programmes or a cognate discipline (Level 7), or a relevant level of experience of working in industry. Candidates will already have a solid foundation and indepth understanding of built environment, and require prior knowledge and proficiency in 2D CAD or other architectural technical tools. 
Course Content MODULES -Introduction to BIM (using Revit), Revit Rendering, Graphic Illustration I
Apply direct: www.griffith.ie 
Course duration: 1 Year, Part-Time, Blended 
Award Level: QQI level 8 (30 ECTS) Special Purpose Award Validated by: QQI

Certificate in Introduction to BIM (using Revit) DUBLIN
About the Course 
The Certificate in Introduction to BIM (using Revit) consists of one module taught over one semester. This programme is designed to introduce Building Information Modelling (BIM) and explore and develop basic skills in Building Information Modelling (BIM) using Revit. Learners are introduced to the software Revit and will develop an understanding of BIM’s technical issues through individual effort. They will extract 2D documentation plans, sections, elevations from the model, and render 3D views to a high degree of expertise. This practical module will facilitate learners to develop the skills to construct basic 3D models relating the built environment, and for interiors including lighting. 
Course Delivery 
The blended mode of delivery offers learners a more flexible learning environment and this programme supports a split between online (20%) and classroom (80%) lectures. It also includes engagement with the local community and industry, attendances at seminars and CPDs arranged by specialist and professional practitioners, as well as undertaking fieldtrips relating to new research and development. Classes are delivered using a Hybrid delivery method with classes being recorded and available for leaners to catch up and review outside of timetables classes. 
Entry Requirements 
Learners who already have a full qualification in background of building design and construction related programmes or a cognate discipline (Level 7), or a relevant level of experience of working in industry. Candidates will already have a solid foundation and indepth understanding of built environment, and require prior knowledge and proficiency in 2D CAD or other architectural technical tools. 
Course Content Introduction to BIM (using Revit)
Apply direct: www.griffith.ie 
Course duration: 1 Semester, Part-Time, Blended 
Award Level: QQI level 8 (20 ECTS) Special Purpose Award Validated by: QQI

Certificate in Advanced BIM and BIM Collaboration (using Revit) DUBLIN
About the Course 
The Certificate in Advanced BIM and BIM Collaboration (using Revit) consists of one module taught over one semester. This programme is designed to explore and develop advanced skills in Building Information Modelling (BIM) and BIM Collaboration using Revit. Learners are introduced to advanced building modelling relating to protected structures/ historic buildings and will develop an understanding of model in place components and mass modelling. Learners are also introduced to BIM Collaboration (using Revit) and will develop an understanding of BIM 360 (collaboration) and Management.. In addition, learners develop an awareness of the BIM relating to costing for Quantity Surveyors.
Course Delivery 
The blended mode of delivery offers learners a more flexible learning environment and this programme supports a split between online (20%) and classroom (80%) lectures. It also includes engagement with the local community and industry, attendances at seminars and CPDs arranged by specialist and professional practitioners, as well as undertaking fieldtrips relating to new research and development. Classes are delivered using a Hybrid delivery method with classes being recorded and available for leaners to catch up and review outside of timetables classes. 
Entry Requirements 
Applicants will have a level 7 qualification in building design, or construction, or a cognate discipline, or a relevant level of experience of working in industry. Candidates will also have a solid foundation and understanding of built environment, and require prior knowledge in 2D CAD or other architectural technical tools. 
Course Content : Advanced BIM and BIM Collaboration (using Revit)
Apply direct: www.griffith.ie 
Course duration: 1 Semester, Part-Time, Blended Award Level: QQI level 8 (20 ECTS) Special Purpose 
Award Validated by: QQI

Certificate in Advanced Rendering DUBLIN
About the Course 
The part-time Certificate in Advanced Rendering consists of one module taught over one semester. This programme is designed to explore and advanced rendering skills using advised rendering software. These skills will facilitate the learner in researching and specifying materials, textures, natural and artificial lighting to support an accurate and photorealistic visualization of a proposed design. Similarly, learners will focus on the generation of interior and exterior renders from 3D model views, and produce a walkthrough, using advanced rendering techniques. This is a hands-on programme that encourages work-flow skills that will be developed through learning by doing. 
Course Delivery 
The blended mode of delivery offers learners a more flexible learning environment and this programme supports a split between online (20%) and classroom (80%) lectures. It also includes engagement with the local community and industry, attendances at seminars and CPDs arranged by specialist and professional practitioners, as well as undertaking fieldtrips relating to new research and development. Classes are delivered using a Hybrid delivery method with classes being recorded and available for leaners to catch up and review outside of timetables classes. 
Entry Requirements 
Applicants will have a level 7 qualification in building design, or construction, or a cognate discipline, or a relevant level of experience of working in industry. Candidates will also have a solid foundation and understanding of built environment, and require prior knowledge in 2D CAD or other architectural technical tools. 
Course Content : Advanced Rendering
Apply direct: www.griffith.ie 
Course duration: 1 Semester, Part-Time, Blended 
Award Level: QQI level 8 (5 ECTS) Special Purpose
 Award Validated by: QQI

Diploma in Entrepreneurship and Project Management (Built Environment) DUBLIN
About the Course 
The Diploma in Entrepreneurship and Project Management (Built Environment) is designed to introduce and explore the concepts and practices of entrepreneurship, project management, planning and building control, and practice management in relation to the built environment. This programme provides an awareness and understanding of the legal issues frequently encountered by the entrepreneur including the ownership, structuring, organisation, financing, and operations of a company as well as other important issues such as intellectual property, board formation, human resources, and exit strategies. This Diploma addresses a specific need for professionals within the construction industry, and related areas, to upskill their current knowledge. It also emphasises the importance of project management competency as a skill set combining business, behavioural and technical skills. The programme offers learners the chance to experience the initial stages of the entrepreneurial or intrapreneurial process by examining theory and how to apply general, strategic, and operational management principles to evaluate, plan, establish, and grow a small business or a new business unit within a larger enterprise. Graduates possess directly applicable skills in project execution and project control to successfully and professionally manage projects to their conclusion.
Entry Requirements 
This programme is a level 8 programme for graduates from cognate level 7 degree programmes, or equivalent. Similarly, learners with experience may apply for exemptions/entry through the RPL process. Applicants must have a background in building design and construction-related programmes.
Course Content 
STAGE 1 -Entrepreneurship I, Project Management - Tools and Technique, Planning and Building Control 
STAGE 2 -Entrepreneurship II, Project Management - Planning and Control, Practice Management.
Course Delivery 
The blended mode of delivery offers learners a more flexible learning environment and this programme supports a split between online (20%) and classroom (80%) lectures. It also includes engagement with the local community and industry, attendances at seminars and CPDs arranged by specialist and professional practitioners, as well as undertaking fieldtrips relating to new research and development. Classes are delivered using a Hybrid delivery method with classes being recorded and available for leaners to catch up and review outside of timetables classes.
Apply direct: www.griffith.ie 
Course duration: 1 Year, Part-Time, Blended 
Award Level: QQI level 8 (60 ECTS) Special Purpose 
Award Validated by: QQI

Certificate in Entrepreneurship and Project Management (Built Environment) DUBLIN
About the Course 
The Certificate in Entrepreneurship and Project Management (Built Environment) is a three-module programme taught over one semester. The course is designed to introduce and explore the concepts of entrepreneurship, project management in relation to the built environment along with planning and building control. Begin the journey of understanding the role and various tasks of a project manager within the context of the building industry; explore your entrepreneurial aspirations by researching into the theories; equip yourself with the knowledge of the legal requirements relevant to the built environment. Upon completion of the Certificate, students can progress directly into the final three modules of the Diploma in Entrepreneurship and Project Management (Built Environment). The construction sector is a major part of the recovering Irish economy and project management is considering one of the most important skills in today’s global economy. Within the industry there is an awareness of the requirement to develop new approaches and technologies, raise consciousness of the issues and up/re-skill the profession in these areas. Similarly, the course content is enriched by active engagement and collaboration with the construction sector. This helps to reveal current opportunities and future trends in relevant employment sectors.
Course Delivery 
The blended mode of delivery offers learners a more flexible learning environment and this programme supports a split between online (80%) and classroom (20%) lectures. It also includes engagement with the local community and industry, attendances at seminars and CPDs arranged by specialist and professional practitioners, as well as undertaking fieldtrips relating to new research and development. Classes are delivered using a Hybrid delivery method with classes being recorded and available for leaners to catch up and review outside of timetables classes.
Entry Requirements 
This programme is a level 8 programme for graduates from cognate level 7 degree programmes, or equivalent. Similarly, learners with experience may apply for exemptions/entry through the RPL process.
Course Content : STAGE 1 -Entrepreneurship I, Project Management - Tools and Technique, Planning and Building Control

Certificate in Entrepreneurship (Built Environment) DUBLIN
About the Course 
The Certificate in Entrepreneurship (Built Environment) consists of two modules taught over two semesters. This award will enable students to develop an entrepreneurial mindset that will increase their value to potential employers or help them plan ventures of their own. Graduates possess the necessary skills to successfully execute and professionally manage projects from start to finish. This course provides awareness and a basic understanding of the legal issues frequently encountered by entrepreneurs, such as issues around financing, operations of a company, ownership structuring, the raising of capital, federal securities requirements and exemptions, determining valuation, intellectual property, board formation, human resources, and exit strategies. The course is managed by Griffith’s long-standing Design Faculty and is delivered by experts from the industry. The combination of online and on-campus lectures allows for minimal disruption to the normal working day
Course Delivery 
The blended mode of delivery offers learners a more flexible learning environment and this programme supports a split between online (80%) and classroom (20%) lectures. Classes are delivered using a Hybrid delivery method with classes being recorded and available for leaners to catch up and review outside of timetables classes.
Entry Requirements 
This programme is a level 8 programme for graduates from cognate level 7 degree programmes, or equivalent. Similarly, learners with experience may apply for exemptions/entry through the RPL process.
Course Content : Entrepreneurship I, Entrepreneurship II
Apply direct: www.griffith.ie 
Course duration: 1 Year, Part-Time, Blended 
Award Level: QQI level 8 (20 ECTS) Special Purpose 
Award Validated by: QQI

Certificate in Project Management (Built Environment) DUBLIN
About the Course 
The Certificate in Project Management (Built Environment) consists of two project management modules taught over two semesters. This award will enable students to understand the role and various tasks of a project manager, and to apply a range of project management techniques in a project within the context of the building industry. Develop skills in leadership while learning to fully appreciate the challenges that organisations face in the dynamic, changing construction industry. Effective project management skills ensure that teams are motivated, valued to optimise their performances. Skills are also developed in project management processes which ensures realistic expectations are set in relation to time, cost, quality and client requirement, along with ensuring all deliverables are correct. The course content is enriched by active engagement and collaboration with the construction sector. This helps to reveal current opportunities and future trends in relevant employment sectors.
Course Delivery 
The blended mode of delivery offers learners a more flexible learning environment and this programme supports a split between online (80%) and classroom (20%) lectures. Classes are delivered using a Hybrid delivery method with classes being recorded and available for leaners to catch up and review outside of timetables classes.
Entry Requirements 
This programme is a level 8 programme for graduates from cognate level 7 degree programmes, or equivalent. Similarly, learners with experience may apply for exemptions/entry through the RPL process.
Course Content 
Project Management - Tools and Technique 
Project Management - Planning and Control
Apply direct: www.griffith.ie 
Course duration: 1 Year, Part-Time, Blended 
Award Level: QQI level 8 (20 ECTS) Special Purpose 
Award Validated by: QQI

Diploma in Conservation, Sustainability and Adaptive Reuse DUBLIN
About the Course 
The Diploma in Conservation, Sustainability and Adaptive Reuse programme is designed to introduce and explore the concepts and practices of conservation, sustainability, adaptive reuse, planning and building control, and professional practice management. The programme aims to enable the learner to engage in innovative and creative technical design case studies within these disciplines. Increase your awareness in the need for environmental sustainability across all areas of design and architecture. This programme will equip learners with simple, immediate measures that can be adopted to reduce the environmental impact of their practice along with encouraging the generation of innovative and creative solutions while redesigning the existing built environment. The construction sector is a major part of the recovering Irish economy and project management is considering one of the most important skills in today’s global economy. Within the industry there is an awareness of the requirement to develop new approaches and technologies, raise consciousness of the issues and up/re-skill the profession in these areas. Similarly, the course content is enriched by active engagement and collaboration with the construction sector. This helps to reveal current opportunities and future trends in relevant employment sectors.
Course Delivery 
The blended mode of delivery offers learners a more flexible learning environment and this programme supports a split between online (80%) and classroom (20%) lectures. It also includes engagement with the local community and industry, attendances at seminars and CPDs arranged by specialist and professional practitioners, as well as undertaking fieldtrips relating to new research and development. Classes are delivered using a Hybrid delivery method with classes being recorded and available for leaners to catch up and review outside of timetables classes.
Entry Requirements 
This programme is a level 8 programme for graduates from cognate level 7 degree programmes, or equivalent. Similarly, learners with experience may apply for exemptions/entry through the RPL process.
Course Content 
STAGE 1 -Conservation I, Sustainability I, Planning and Building Control 
STAGE 2 -Conservation II, Sustainability II, Practice Management

Certificate in Conservation, Sustainability and Adaptive Reuse DUBLIN
About the Course 
The Certificate in Conservation, Sustainability and Adaptive Reuse is a Special Purpose award that aims to give student an introduction into the practices of conservation, sustainability along with planning and building control in the built environment. These three modules taken over one semester will equip students with the understanding that they can make informed decisions concerning the most current conservation strategies for projects; that sustainability is now considered to be a necessary element within the built environment; and understanding the role and responsibilities within legal frameworks in regulating the built environment. The construction sector is a major part of the recovering Irish economy and project management is considering one of the most important skills in today’s global economy. Within the industry there is an awareness of the requirement to develop new approaches and technologies, raise consciousness of the issues and up/re-skill the profession in these areas. Similarly, the course content is enriched by active engagement and collaboration with the construction sector. This helps to reveal current opportunities and future trends in relevant employment sectors. Upon completion of this programme, the learner can gain entry into the Diploma in Conservation, Sustainability and Adaptive Reuse with exemptions
Course Delivery 
The blended mode of delivery offers learners a more flexible learning environment and this programme supports a split between online (80%) and classroom (20%) lectures. It also includes engagement with the local community and industry, attendances at seminars and CPDs arranged by specialist and professional practitioners, as well as undertaking fieldtrips relating to new research and development. Classes are delivered using a Hybrid delivery method with classes being recorded and available for leaners to catch up and review outside of timetables classes.
Entry Requirements 
This programme is a level 8 programme for graduates from cognate level 7 degree programmes, or equivalent.
Course Content: Conservation I, Sustainability I, Planning and Building Control
Apply direct: www.griffith.ie 
Course duration: 1 Semester, Part-Time, Blended 
Award Level: QQI level 8 (30 ECTS) Special Purpose 
Award Validated by: QQI

Best Bits of Griffith Pharmaceutical Science
1.	The Griffith Innopharma faculty of Pharmaceutical Science is Ireland’s leading, industry-linked education programme, suited to any learner seeking to start or grow a career in the pharmaceutical industry.
2.	All Griffith Innopharma programmes lead to accredited awards with each programme providing strong scientific content, practical application, business context and professional development.
3.	With 19 of the world’s top 20 pharma companies in Ireland and 5 out of 8 of the world’s top selling drugs produced in Ireland, it is the largest net exporter of pharmaceuticals. 18 of the world’s top 25 medtech companies also have a base in Ireland. Together the pharma and medtech industries employ over 50,000 people in Ireland and are expected to enjoy strong growth in the coming years.
4.	Ireland is recognised globally as a leading centre for clinical research and pharmaceutical development. Many leading contract research organisations (CROs) have significant operations here in Ireland, and thousands are employed in the provision of clinical trial expertise.

Griffith Innopharma Faculty of Pharmaceutical Science
Innopharma Education works at the forefront of high-tech manufacturing, advancing skills and capabilities across the pharmaceutical, food science and medtech industries. Our approach to education is designed to fit with those who are working full-time, with part time lectures and a comprehensive online offering, helping people to study as they work and achieve their long term career goals. Innopharma Education has grown to become one of the top institutions in Ireland delivering world recognised qualifications up to Masters’ degree level. All our education programmes are developed with your career advancement in mind, consisting of a unique blend of industry focused modules and practical workshops. Many of our lecturers have extensive experience in industry and engage in a high level of coaching and mentoring with learners. Innopharma Education programmes, are the number one choice for graduates and experienced professionals seeking to upskill and advance their careers in the pharmaceutical, medtech and food science sectors.

BA (Hons) in Pharmaceutical Business Operations DUBLIN
About the Course 
With extensive input and participation from professionals working in the pharmaceutical and clinical trial sectors, this programme will give you the skills advantage you need for a rewarding high-tech manufacturing role in the industry. All classes are broadcast live using an online training platform, offering the learners the opportunity to either physically attend or join the class online. All classes are recorded also allowing learners the opportunity to view later and support revision. A substantial focus of the programme will also develop the professional skills of the graduate to enhance their career opportunities through development of their CV’s, interview skills, and their networking, presentation and communication skills
Progression 
The options for further study upon successful completion of this programme could include progression to the following Master’s programmes, 
• MSc in Pharmaceutical Business & Technology 
• PGDip in Medical Device Technology & Business
Careers 
Potential Roles include; Manufacturing Supervisor/ Manager, Supply Chain Planner, Clinical Trials Coordinator, Business Development Specialist, Lean and Six Sigma Specialist, Compliance Specialist, Process Improvement Specialist, Project Coordinator, Pharmaceutical Operations
Course Entry Requirements 
The primary target audience are those with a minimum qualification of Degree at NFQ Level 7 or higher in Science, Engineering, Quality or related discipline.
Course Content 
-	Pharmaceutical Quality Management Systems 
-	Clinical Research 
-	Pharmaceutical Manufacturing & Distribution 
-	Project Planning & Finance
-	Strategic Management 
-	Professional & Technical Communications
Apply direct: www.innopharmaeducation.com 
Course duration: Part-Time, Online 9 months 
Award Level: Level 8 (120 ECTS) Validated by: QQI

BA in Pharmaceutical Business Operations DUBLIN
About the Course 
This nine month programme focuses on core competencies such as Pharmaceutical Business, Pharmaceutical Manufacturing, Regulatory Affairs, Data Analysis, Business Improvement (Lean Sigma), Clinical Research Coordination, Data Processing and Project Co-ordination. All classes are broadcast live using an online training platform, offering the learners the opportunity to either physically attend or join the class online. All classes are also recorded allowing learners the opportunity to view later and support revision. A substantial focus of the programme will also develop the professional skills of the graduate to enhance their career opportunities through development of their CV’s, interview skills, and their networking, presentation and communication skills.
Progression
The option for further study upon successful completion of this programme is the Level 8 Honours Degree in Pharmaceutical Business Operations. 
Careers 
Potential Roles include: Manufacturing Supervisor/ Manager, Compliance Specialists, Business Improvement Specialist, Quality Assurance, Clinical Trial Co-ordination, Data Specialist, Data Analyst, Business Analyst, Reporting Analyst.
Course Entry Requirements 
The primary target audience is those with a minimum qualification of Certificate at NFQ Level 6 or higher in Science, Engineering, Quality or related discipline.
Course Content 
-	Pharmaceutical Manufacturing 
-	Management & Organisational Behaviour 
-	Operations Management  
-	Regulatory Affairs & Validation 
-	Operations Excellence - Lean Sigma 
-	Control Systems & Real Time Analytics 
-	Clinical Research Co-Ordination 
-	Career Progression
Apply direct: www.innopharmaeducation.com 
Course duration: Part-Time, Online 9 months 
Award Level: Level 7 (180 ECTS) Validated by: QQI

Best Bits of Griffith Engineering
Why Griffith College? Smaller classes guarantee individualised attention
Only college offering an Industrial Engineering Degree in Ireland - Industry links - Excellent reputation - Delivered in Dublin and Limerick campus
Industry Recognition 
This programme was developed by IISE (Institute of Industrial and Systems Engineering) with Griffith College. There was extensive research into the requirements for Industrial Engineering within the industry. It was also developed with some of our partners in the Industry (Intel, ESB, Syker, Amazon and others)

Bachelor of Engineering in Industrial Engineering (B.Eng.IE) DUBLIN LIMERICK
About the Course 
The QQI Level 7 Bachelor of Engineering (B.Eng) in Industrial Engineering aims to teach participants how to analyse and improve any business processes and determine the best use of resources. This programme is available on a part-time basis with a flexible schedule. This programme prepares the learner to meet the growing demands and complexities of modern-day organisations. It provides the key competences in the area of Industrial Engineering. These skills are vital for the effective management and efficient organization of all national and international organisations. Industrial Engineering encompasses the management skills needed for strategic planning to protect and advance the objectives of the organisation. Graduates can be employed as manufacturing, process, product, Quality Assurance (QA) and sustaining engineers. Industrial engineers are prime sources of management talent.
Progression 
Graduates of the may be considered eligible to join related Level 8 programmes, such as Engineering and Business, depending on their particular combination of qualifications, experience and suitability
Careers 
Graduates of the B.Eng. in Industrial Engineering will have a good basis for professional progression in all areas of management including engineering. There is currently a need for skilled industrial engineers across all industries, such as manufacturing (traditional and modern), banking, transportation, consultancy, distribution services, the health sector, military and other areas of government.
Module Content 
-	Industrial Engineering Principles and Work System Design 
-	Data Analytics
-	Lean Systems 
-	Industrial Engineering Project Management 
-	Professional Practice
-	Industrial Engineering Finances 
-	Emerging Technologies and Quality Systems 
-	Logistics and Supply Chain Management 
-	Environment and Sustainability 
-	Industrial Engineering Project
Entry Requirements Applicants must fulfil one of the following: 
1. 120 ECTS in Engineering discipline and related STEM studies 
2. Full completion of craft apprenticeship 
3. Extensive Industry experience and relevant achievements.

Postgraduate Courses
MSc International Business Management 
MBA International Business 
MSc International Business Management - Global Brand Management Sustainable Tourism and Hospitality Management 
MSc International Business & Law 
MSc Accounting & Finance Management 
MSc Procurement and Supply Chain Management 
MSc International Pharmaceutical Business Management Certificate in Quality and Regulatory Practice in the Pharma Industry 
Postgraduate Certificate in Advanced Taxation

Best Bits of Graduate Business School 
1-	Flexible Study and Extensive Support A flexible study model gives learners the option of either full-time or part-time study with class size, structure and assessment tailored to each individual module. All our MSc’s include an option for learners to exit with a Postgraduate Diploma. The Graduate Business School operates an open door policy and students feel comfortable approaching the team directly. Thanks to our investment in online learning, Griffith College adapted an interactive hybrid learning model. We provide a range of resources and tools to ensure our learners are supported in using these digital learning platforms.
2-	Practical Industry Links A highly practical learning approach taught by a Graduate Business School lecturing team with outstanding industry experience. Many assignments will require working directly with real client companies and engaging with industry leaders. The extensive education offered within the variety of courses available at the Graduate Business School has seen some of our most recent graduates go on to receive positions in major multinational companies including Accenture, PayPal, FedEx, Unilever, and WebSummit to name a few. Plug into the Griffith Alumni Network to connect with and receive mentoring from our successful past students or avail of the many opportunities arising from our Industry Network seminars and guest speakers.
3-	International Diversity Complete your international business postgraduate education immersed in a truly diverse cultural environment. The Graduate Business School welcomes learners from all over the world with over thirty different nationalities graduating in any academic year. Our group work policy ensures teamwork exposes you to a rich mix of backgrounds, experience and skill sets.
4-	Accreditation of Prior Learning Experience (APL/APEL) Opportunity for learners with previous academic studies at Masters level in a Business/Management discipline to apply for APL exemption to a maximum of 30 ECTS.

MSc in International Business Management DUBLIN
About the Course 
The MSc in International Business Management is ideal for those who have a strong interest in international business management across a variety of industries and business settings, who wish to develop a wide range of skills and competencies required to function effectively when doing business across borders. Learners hone personal and interpersonal skills while deepening specialised knowledge to gauge and judge the potential impact of relevant global influences and drivers, whether it be technological, economic or political changes within international business practices. The programme is completed over a one-year full time, or twoyear part-time mode. Learners will advance their research and business communication skills, and make a significant contribution to a chosen field of international business through the completion of a research dissertation.
Careers 
The Graduate Business School lecturing team includes practitioners from a wide range of industries. These lecturers bring their expertise to the classroom and offer insights to learners of a practical and applied nature. There is also extensive use of the Faculty’s industry network to provide opportunities for learners to engage with companies through their project work, research and through guest lecturing seminars. Evidence of employment opportunities from the programme is reflected in the industry positions filled by the Faculty’s recent graduates and the positive responses from employers
Progression 
Graduates who attain appropriate management experience after graduation can return to obtain an MBA award. This is facilitated through the completion of an experiential learning report. Graduates may also consider furthering their research credentials by undertaking a Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) in their respective chosen area of research.
Entry Requirements 
Applicants must normally hold an approved honours degree, to at least H2:2 level, in a business-related discipline or equivalent qualification from an approved tertiary/or professional institution. Nonbusiness graduates or candidates with substantial work experience may apply but will be subject to interview.
Course Content Core Modules
-	Global Marketing 
-	Financial Management 
-	Digital Transformation 
-	Corporate Governance and Sustainable Business Management 
-	International Human Resource Strategies 
-	International Strategy 
-	Business Research Methods 
-	Leadership in Organisations 
-	Entrepreneurial Innovation Elective Modules [choose one] 
-	Brand Analytics 
-	Sustainability and Marketing Ethics 
-	Business Economics 
-	Sustainable Finance
Upon successful completion of the taught modules, learners complete a dissertation with a credit volume of 30 ECTS. There are two options within the dissertation: A traditional dissertation which involves a supervised research project around a chosen topic. The dissertation by practice is a process whereby learners enhance their knowledge, research and business communication skills through a supervised project, on behalf of, and in conjunction with, industry
Apply direct: www.griffith.ie 
Course duration: Full-Time 1 year Part-Time 2 years 
Award Level: Level 9 Validated by: QQI

MBA in International Business DUBLIN
About the Course 
This programme is designed for managers who wish to consolidate their learning from the workplace with an award that reflects knowledge and skills in international business across a variety of industries and business settings. The programme deepens your knowledge and understanding of key areas of management through engagement with complex issues and critical and analytical approaches to international management theory and practice. Learners complete advanced research of direct relevance to their organisation and/or professional career path through the execution of a dissertation that reflects an expansion of personal management competencies and contribution to a chosen field of enquiry. Through integrating postgraduate studies with your experiential learning, successful participants will gain critical analysis and self- reflection skills required for leadership in international organisations and embrace the importance of lifelong learning.
Careers
An MBA is a mark of achievement; it shows the world you have insights into a range of business areas. A Griffith MBA expands your ability to advance your career and earning potential by guiding the participants through complex international business scenarios and focusing on drawing information together to extract strategic and policy implications. Students gain valuable experience through industrybased learning opportunities, necessary to thrive in the competitive global business world
Progression 
As well as management employment opportunities graduates may also consider furthering their research credentials by undertaking a Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) in their respective chosen area of research.
Entry Requirements 
Applicants must normally hold an approved honours degree, to at least H2:2 level, in a businessrelated discipline or equivalent qualification from an approved tertiary/or professional institution. Applicants must further have at least three years of management experience and demonstrate the achievement of management competencies developed through this work experience. This is assessed by the completion of a Management Competency Report and an interview.
Course Content Core Modules 
-	Global Marketing 
-	Financial Management 
-	Digital Transformation 
-	Corporate Governance and Sustainable Business Management 
-	International Human Resource Strategies 
-	International Strategy 
-	Business Research Methods 
-	Leadership in Organisations 
-	Entrepreneurial Innovation Elective Modules [choose one] 
-	Brand Analytics 
-	Sustainability and Marketing Ethics 
-	Business Economics 
-	Sustainable Finance 
Upon successful completion of the taught modules, learners complete a dissertation with a credit volume of 30 ECTS. There are two options within the dissertation: A traditional dissertation involves a supervised research project around a chosen topic. The dissertation by practice is a process whereby learners enhance their knowledge, research and business communication skills through a supervised project, on behalf of, and in conjunction with, industry
Apply direct: www.griffith.ie 
Course duration: Full-Time 1 year Part-Time 2 years 
Award Level: Level 9 Validated by: QQI

MSc in International Business Management - Global Brand Management DUBLIN
About the Course 
The Masters programme provides advanced study of global brand management, enabling learners to develop specialist knowledge of the challenging multifunctional and diverse global brand environment in which organisations must operate, while also enabling them to extend their management competencies and research skills. The MSc offers learners a dynamic and practical programme that is highly industry focused. Throughout the programme, learners will consider many case studies of global brand expansion and examine best practice methods by studying global brand successes and fails. Learners are given a thorough grounding in current theoretical brand management concepts, marketing models, and tools, as well as new ways of analysing, assessing and developing brand strategies, campaigns and insights. Workshops will focus on skills of the global brand manager including storyboarding, content production, developing a global brand name, logos and positioning, selecting markets, storytelling and marketing channels and measuring the effectiveness of those channels. An emphasis is placed on understanding global branding best practice through critical evaluation of cases and companies. A combination of the critical analytical approach and a practical skill-based workshop approach will provide learners with a 360 understanding of global branding in today’s changing digital landscape.
Careers 
This programme is designed for learners who are striving to become influential in senior management teams by paving a path to become innovative thinkers in communications, brand, product or sales roles they take up post-graduation. It offers an academic grounding to prepare graduates for the realities of global brand management alongside 
Progression 
As well as employment opportunities graduates may also consider furthering their research credentials by undertaking a Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) in a related brand management specialism.
Entry Requirements 
Applicants must normally hold an approved honours degree, to at least H22 level, in a Marketing or business-related discipline, or equivalent qualification from an approved tertiary/or professional institution. Non-business graduates or candidates with substantial work experience may apply but will be subject to interview.
Course Content Core Modules 
-	Global Marketing 
-	Brand Storytelling 
-	Local and Global Brand Management 
-	Marketing Mindsets 
-	Brand Analytics 
-	Strategic Brand Management 
-	Sustainability & Marketing Ethics 
-	Psychology of Consumer Behaviour 
-	Business Research Methods Elective Modules 
-	Financial Management 
-	Digital Transformation 
-	International Human Resource Strategies 
-	Leadership in Organisations
Upon successful completion of the taught modules, learners complete a dissertation with a credit volume of 30 ECTS. There are two options within the dissertation: A traditional dissertation involves a supervised research project around a chosen topic. The dissertation by practice is a process whereby learners enhance their knowledge, research and business communication skills through a supervised project, on behalf of, and in conjunction with, industry.

MSc in Sustainable Tourism and Hospitality Management LIMERICK
About the Course 
The Masters in Sustainable Tourism and Hospitality Management programme enables learners to develop a specialised understanding of management within the context of the sustainable tourism. It equips learners with a wide range of competencies and critical thinking to manage a diverse range of tourism or hospitality-related operations facilities within a tourism setting. The programme includes the contemporary and comprehensive range of critical thinking skills required by a tourism professional to run a sustainable business in the areas of regulatory frameworks, sustainable operations, yield and finance, marketing, sustainable business development, project planning and events with the option to explore additional subject areas in air transportation and tourism behavioural patterns. The programme is sustainability led, developing graduates with the ability to think ‘green’, to think responsibly, and to create innovative approaches in all areas of Tourism and Hospitality
Careers 
This programme offers an ideal launchpad for career advancement in the vibrant international and sustainable hospitality industry. The diversity of roles in this truly engaging and dynamic sector span from specialised roles in sustainable management for tourism businesses, to health and wellness, hotel management, hospitality, sport, events and many other areas.
Entry Requirements 
Applicants must normally hold an approved honours degree, to at least H22 level, in a hospitality or business related discipline, or equivalent qualification from an approved tertiary/or professional institution. Nonbusiness graduates or candidates with substantial work experience may apply but will be subject to interview.
Course Content Core Modules 
-	Sustainable Tourism and Regenerative Planning 
-	Strategic Service Marketing for the Tourism Industry 
-	Smart Revenue and Performance Management 
-	Tourism Feasibility & Economic Analysis 
-	Contemporary Trends & Tourism Concepts 
-	Leadership in Organisations 
-	Business Research Methods 
-	Sustainable Development in Tourism Projects 
-	Event Project Management and Planning Elective Modules 
-	Air Transportation and Tourism 
-	Psychology of Consumer Behaviour 
Upon successful completion of the taught modules, learners can exit the programme at this point and obtain a Postgraduate Diploma in Sustainable Tourism and Hospitality Management. If learners wish to complete the MSc (stage 2) they are required to complete a dissertation/dissertation by practice with a credit volume of 30 ects.
Apply direct: www.griffith.ie 
Course duration: Full-Time 1 year Part-Time 2 years 
Award Level: Level 9 Validated by: QQI

MSc in International Business and Law DUBLIN
About the Course 
The MSc in International Business and Law enables learners to develop a solid grounding in the twin disciplines of international business and law. Taught by experienced practitioners and research staff in both the Graduate Business School and the Law Faculty, the programme is designed for holders of an undergraduate business or law degree. For the business graduate, it offers the opportunity to gain the understanding necessary to fully participate in complex legal transactions and to anticipate and manage legal issues as they arise in the international business arena. For the law graduate, it provides the basis for the acquisition and development of business acumen and to fully appreciate the influence that trade and international law issues have on management decision making and operations. Learners will advance their research and business communication skills, and make a significant contribution to a chosen field of international business through the completion of a research dissertation. The programme is available on a full-time basis over a one year period respectively and combines the core operational and organisational aspects of international business management with advanced theoretical and practical legal knowledge.
Careers 
Upon graduation, learners will be able to apply the core techniques and principles they have acquired in the field of international business management, and they will have a wider understanding of the legal issues which impact on the world of international business. By combining both management and legal studies, graduates are uniquely placed to engage with the often-complex relationship between business, social change and legal environments.
Course Content Core Modules 
-	Corporate Governance 
-	International Commercial Law
-	Financial Management 
-	International Strategy 
-	Business Research Methods 
-	Professional Services Management 
-	Risk Management for Compliance
-	Dissertation or Dissertation by Practice Law Electives (learners choose one): 
-	International Tax Law 
-	International Commercial Arbitration 
-	International Privacy and Data Protection 
-	International Intellectual Property Law 
-	International Financial Services Law Business Electives (learners choose one): 
-	Global Marketing 
-	Sustainable Finance 
-	Digital Transformation 
-	Leadership in Organisations 
-	Business Economics
Upon successful completion of the taught modules, learners complete a dissertation with a credit volume of 30 ECTS.
Progression 
Graduates who attain appropriate management experience after graduation can return to obtain an MBA award. This is facilitated through the completion of an experiential learning report which marries the graduate’s academic achievement with their subsequent management practice.
Entry Requirements 
Applicants must normally hold an approved honours degree, to at least H22 level, in either business or law or equivalent qualification from an approved tertiary/ or professional institution. Other candidates with substantial work experience may apply but via the College APEL policy.
Apply direct: www.griffith.ie 
Course duration: Full-Time 1 year 
Award Level: Level 9 Validated by: QQI

MSc in Accounting and Finance Management DUBLIN
About the Course 
The course is designed and delivered by a decorated team of accounting, finance and legal industry and practice professionals and full-time academics. It aims to enable learners to acquire the knowledge, skills and competencies required to apply an extensive range of laws, regulations and professional frameworks and standards, accounting and finance management theories, concepts, practices, tools and techniques, and modern technology, to prepare and interpret reports for internal and external stakeholders, and recommend compliant, best practice and ethical solutions for a range of organisational financial and reporting requirements. The programme comprises eight mandatory and two elective choice modules that, when successfully completed, mean graduates are work-ready for a career in accounting, finance, tax, audit and general business, and who have the postgraduate intellectual depth and the practical skills needed for success. The programme is informed and recognised by industry and professional accountancy body requirements and academically framed, balancing the acquisition of a postgraduate level theoretical understanding of the function and role of accounting and finance in the modern society and a data driven economy, with the acquisition of the practical and technical skills required to succeed in that industry
Entry Requirements 
Applicants must normally hold an approved honours degree, to at least H22 level, in either business or law or equivalent qualification from an approved tertiary/ or professional institution. Other candidates with substantial work experience may apply but will be subject to interview.
Progression 
On successful completion of the programme, learners are eligible to gain exemptions from the examinations of the professional accounting bodies such as ACCA. Please contact the faculty for further details.
Careers 
The programme ensures that learners are at an advanced stage of preparation for a career in professional accounting and finance roles.
Course Content Core Modules 
-	Financial Reporting 
-	Strategic Financial Management 
-	Law & Governance 
-	Financial Data Analysis 
-	Strategic Performance Management 
-	Business Research Methods 
-	Business Consultancy 
-	Strategic Corporate Reporting 
Electives (Choose 2) 
-	Advanced Audit & Assurance 
-	Taxation 
-	Sustainable Finance 
-	Quantitative Finance 
-	Digital Transformation 
-	Leadership in Organisations
Apply direct: www.griffith.ie 
Course duration: Full-Time 1 year Part-Time 2 years 
Award Level: Level 9 Validated by: QQI

MSc in Procurement and Supply Chain Management DUBLIN LIMERICK
About the Course 
The MSc in Procurement and Supply Management is a flexible postgraduate programme aimed at both professionals and full-time learners. It delivers the specialist skills required for successful careers in the procurement/purchasing and supply management fields across a broad range of industries. Learners develop proficiency in procurement and supply management while also ensuring they have a solid grounding in other critical business functions. This ensures that the learners develop into well-rounded business professionals with interpersonal skills and business acumen to communicate effectively inside as well as outside the fields of procurement and supply management. In addition to developing practical business skills, this programme also ensures that learners have a comprehensive understanding of the global procurement and supply environment combined with strong cultural sensitivity. The teaching and assessment approach used requires learners to develop their leadership and interpersonal skills. This approach is reflective of the necessary skills required in today’s industries, which focus on the delivery of procurement and supply management services.
Entry Requirements 
Applicants must normally hold an approved honours degree, to at least H22 level, in business, or equivalent qualification from an approved tertiary/ or professional institution. Other candidates with substantial work experience may apply but will be subject to interview.
Course Content Core Modules 
-	Sustainable Procurement 
-	Supply Chain Management 
-	Circular Economy 
-	Sustainable Finance 
-	Technology for Procurement Professionals 
-	Business Research Methods 
-	Fostering Sustainable Practice 
-	Business Negotiations 
-	Leadership in Organisations Electives 
-	Logistics and International Trade (E) 
-	Sustainable SME’s: Building Resilience and Compliance (E) 
Upon successful completion of the taught modules, learners complete a dissertation with a credit volume of 30 ECTS.
Careers 
Upon successful completion of the taught modules, learners can exit the programme at this point and obtain a Postgraduate Diploma in Procurement and Supply Chain Management . If learners wish to complete the MSc (stage 2) they are required to complete a dissertation/dissertation by practice with a credit volume of 30 ECTS
Apply direct: www.griffith.ie 
Course duration: Full-Time 1 year Part-Time 2 years 
Award Level: Level 9 Validated by: QQI

MSc in International Pharmaceutical Business Management CORK
About the Course 
The Master of Science in International Pharmaceutical Business Management programme, QQI Level 9 on the National Framework of Qualifications, has been designed primarily for graduates with an honours undergraduate degree in either a pharmaceutical, science or business-related discipline. This internationally relevant programme is intended to prepare learners to become professionals working in the broad area of the international pharmaceutical industry, whether they are learners seeking to improve and upgrade their professional standing in, or new graduates seeking to direct their careers towards, this expanding pharmaceutical industry. Learners will master business development and launching activities, become experts in regional management, forecasting and budgeting while broadening their knowledge about marketing, technological developments, product release and regulatory affairs in the pharmaceutical industry
Entry Requirements 
Applicants are required to hold either: 
1. Level 8 Honours Degree, 2.2H or higher, in Pharmacy, Science or equivalent discipline. 
2. Level 8 Honours Degree, 2.2H or higher, in business or related discipline, with at least three years Pharmaceutical related industry experience. 
Applicants who do not meet the academic entry requirements may apply to the College for consideration of their Accredited Prior Learning (APL) or Accredited Prior Experiential Learning (APEL) in accordance with Griffith College’s APL/APEL procedures.
Course Content Core Modules 
-	Management Accounting and Control 
-	Leadership and Management Development 
-	international Strategy 
-	International Marketing Management 
-	Globalisation and Corporate Responsibility 
-	Business Research Methods 
-	Commercial and Financial Considerations in the Pharmaceutical Industry 
-	Quality & Regulatory Framework in the Pharmaceutical Industry 
-	Business & Technology Innovation in the Pharmaceutical Industry 
-	Marketing Management for Pharmaceutical Marketers 
Upon successful completion of the taught modules, learners complete a dissertation with a credit volume of 30 ECTS.
Careers 
Graduates of the Master of Science in International Pharmaceutical Business Management are well positioned to start, or advance, a highly attractive career in an expanding pharmaceutical industry both nationally and internationally. Graduates will have developed an in-depth knowledge and understanding of key areas of management including Accounting, Marketing, Strategy, Human Resources, Globalisation, Business Ethics, Business Research Methods and their inter-relationship with a focus on international pharmaceutical business.
Progression 
Graduates of the Master of Science in International Pharmaceutical Business Management wishing to further develop their management competencies and experience will be eligible to transfer to the MBA stage of the existing suite of programmes in International Business.
Apply direct: www.griffith.ie 
Course duration: Full-Time 1 year Part-Time 2.5 years 
Award Level: Level 9 Validated by: QQI

Certificate in Quality and Regulatory Practice in the Pharma Industry DUBLIN CORK
Course Details 
This modular course aims to introduce learners to the quality systems and the regulatory framework that underpins biopharmaceutical product development from discovery through pre-clinical research, clinical trials, registration, and release in a manufacturing setting. The module includes a broad overview of pharmaceutical product life cycle management in a regulatory and legal environment – from discovery through development and commercialisation to patent expiry and post-market exclusivity. The module focuses on pharmaceutical quality, quality improvement and risk management practices in good manufacturing practice (GMP) and supply. Learners will be asked to critically analyse the concepts of quality and quality assurance in the development, manufacture, and supply of medicines, along with evaluating the importance and impact of quality assurance systems. Students will gain an understanding on the regulatory framework that underpins the product development in the pharmaceutical industry, from pre-clinical research, clinical trials, registration, and release, along with gaining an insight into the costs associated with poor quality. Learners will develop skills in how to handle issues that arise across the product development life-cycle and how to put strategies in place to mitigate against risks that may arise. This micro-credential course is available part time, over one semester.

Entry Requirements
Candidates seeking access to Fundamentals of Quality and Regulatory Practice in the Pharmaceutical Industry module are required to hold either: 
1. A Level 8 Honours Degree, 2.2H or higher, in Pharmacy, Science or equivalent discipline. 
2. A Level 8 Honours Degree, 2.2H or higher, in business or related discipline, with at least three years Pharmaceutical related industry experience

Progression 
-	MSc in International Pharmaceutical Business Management 
-	Postgraduate Diploma in International Pharmaceutical Business Management
Apply direct: www.griffith.ie 
Course duration: 1 Semester Part time, blended 
Award Level: QQI Level 9 (5 ECTS) Special Purpose Validated by: QQI

Certificate in Advanced Taxation DUBLIN
Course Details 
This Certificate in Advanced Taxation programme is proposed to meet the needs of accountants, operating within an increasingly complex national and international tax environment, in both industry and practice. The proposed programme draws on modules from the highly-regarded MSc in Accounting and Finance Management. The Certificate programme will include extensive industry collaboration through guest speakers, module design and assessment. The module assessment strategies include the involvement of real client companies and individuals, whereby learners work on a variety of projects including tax advice clinics and final reports and presentations that address live taxation issues, both at micro and macro levels. The programme offers both deep knowledge and application across a broad range of taxation issues, for Irish tax frameworks and international considerations. It combines research and consultancy to provide learners with a highly specialised and sought after range of skills and competencies. From employer perspectives, it meets the tax needs for both industry and practice, including multinationals. The programme utilises a highly practical learning approach taught by a lecturing team with outstanding industry experience. Development of both technical and legal know-how in taxation are augmented by the development of a wider strategic management mind-set.
Entry Requirements 
Applicants are required to hold an approved honours degree of at least a H22 standard in an accounting/ finance related field or equivalent qualification from an approved tertiary or professional institution.
Progression 
Those who successfully complete the Certificate in Taxation may progress into the MSc or Postgraduate Diploma in Accounting and Finance Management with exemptions.
Apply direct: www.griffith.ie 
Course duration: 1 Semester Part time, blended 
Award Level: QQI Level 9 (25 ECTS) Special Purpose Validated by: QQI

Law Courses DUBLIN
LL.M. in International Law 
LL.M. in International Commercial Law 
LL.M. in International Human Rights Law 
MA in International Law
LL.M. in International Law LL.M. in International Commercial Law LL.M. in International Human Rights Law LL.M. in International Criminal Law
About the Course 
The LL.M. (Master of Laws) is an internationally recognised postgraduate law degree. It is obtained by completing either a one- year full-time programme, daytime or over 2 years part-time daytime classes. There are four LL.M. Programmes on offer at Griffith College, all of which are international in focus - a key advantage in today’s globalised legal landscape. Learners may tailor their degrees to suit their interests. Through their subject choice, they will emerge with a Master’s in international Commercial Law, International Human Rights Law, International Law or Criminal Justice.
Careers 
Successful completion of the LL.M. can open up promotion opportunities in existing employment. Completing an LL.M provides learners with the skills required to work as a researcher or legal advisor with governmental departments, NGOs or businesses. Existing legal practitioners can use their LL.M. to specialise in an area of interest.
Progression 
On completion of the Postgraduate Diploma, graduates may progress to PhD studies. Graduates of this programme also have the option to continue their studies at Griffith College on one of our professional courses.
Entry Requirements 
Applicants must hold a 2.2 degree in law or a degree with a significant law component (at least 50%) or foreign equivalent or relevant work experience. Applicants who do not meet the academic entry requirements may apply to the College for consideration of their Accredited Prior Learning (APL) or Accredited Prior Experiential Learning (APEL) in accordance with Griffith College’s APL/APEL procedures.
Programme Delivery 
The LL.M. in International Law usually is offered as one year or two years. The learner will complete six subjects and a dissertation. Assessment in the taught modules in semesters 1 and 2 is by way of assignments and examinations. A dissertation is completed over the summer months under the guidance of a designated supervisor.

LL.M. in International Law
About the Course 
The MA in International Law is designed for non-law graduates seeking the skills to produce high-quality traditional and enhanced legal research outputs. The programme can be studied over 1 year or 2 years and students can choose to study Full-Time, PartTime or Blended Study. Griffith College’s programme in Master of Arts in International Law offers a specific international focus - a key advantage in today’s globalised legal landscape. Due to the broad range of modules offered, learners may tailor their programmes to suit their interests. 
Careers 
Successful completion of the MA in International Law can open up promotion opportunities in existing employment. Completing an MA in International Law provides learners with the skills required to advance their careers in law-related fields.
Progression 
On completion of the MA in International Law, graduates can advance their careers in law-related fields such as Administrative, Advisors or researchers within government departments
Entry Requirements 
The minimum requirement for the programmes is the achievement of H2.2 award on a Level 8-degree programme, in humanities, arts, business or social sciences degree or in a related programme or equivalent. Applicants who do not meet the academic entry requirements may apply to the College for consideration of their Accredited Prior Learning (APL) or Accredited Prior Experiential Learning (APEL) per Griffith College’s APL/APEL procedures.
Programme Delivery 
The programme can be studied over 1 year, or 2 years and students can choose to study Full-Time, Part-Time or Blended Study.
Apply direct: www.griffith.ie 
Course duration: Full-Time 1 year Part Time 2 years 
Award Level: Level 9 Validated by: QQI

Computing Science Courses 
MSc in Computing Science 
MSc in Big Data MSc in Network & Information Security 
MSc in Interactive Digital Media 
Higher Diploma in Computing 
Higher Diploma in Web Development

MSc / Postgraduate Diploma in Computing Science DUBLIN DUBLIN CITY CENTRE
About the Course 
Computing Science plays an exciting and everincreasing role in today’s society. Technological innovation has been one of the driving forces behind Ireland’s rapid economic growth, and this Masters programme will help you to advance that innovation. The programme extends your education and skills and prepares you for an active role in a dynamic and evolving industry. The MSc degree has been designed to give learners an insight into the world of academic and industrial computing research. By focusing on today’s hot topics, learners will have the opportunity to gain a deeper understanding and develop the skills necessary to carry out innovative work within one of the disciplines of computing. Learners who complete this Master’s degree will gain the ability to research and master technical issues, to analyse and present findings coherently, and to document their work in a professional manner.
Careers 
Through the MSc in Computing, graduates will have gained valuable professional experience, specialised in a key emerging field and developed many technical skills. There is a wide range of career options for our graduates, including Technical Applications Developer, Software Developer, Software Engineer, Operations Analyst, SQL & EAI Developers, Agile Developer, Scrum Master, and IT Operations Manager to list a few.
Entry Requirements 
Candidates applying for this programme should have a 2.2 Level 8 honours degree in Computing Science, or a 2.2 Higher Diploma in Computing or related discipline or international equivalent and/or relevant work experience.
Programme Delivery 
The programme runs full-time over one year with two semesters and an August dissertation submission. The part-time programme is delivered over four semesters in two years. September and February commencements are facilitated
Course Content 
Learners on the MSc programme complete eight taught modules and a dissertation. Postgraduate Diploma learners complete just the eight modules from the MSc programme. 
SEMESTER ONE 
-	Research Methods 
-	Computer Networks and Internetworking 
-	Mobile Development 
-	Information Retrieval and Web Search 
SEMESTER TWO 
-	Information Security 
-	Agile Software Development 
-	Cloud Platforms and Applications 
-	Parallel and Distributed Programming 
DISSERTATION SEMESTER Dissertation / Dissertation by practice
Progression 
On completion of the programme, learners may progress onto a range of Level 10 Doctoral programmes on the National Qualifications Framework.
Apply direct: www.griffith.ie 
Course duration: Full-Time 1 year Part-Time 2 years 
Award Level: Level 9 Validated by: QQI

MSc / Postgraduate Diploma in Big Data Management and Analytics DUBLIN
About the Course 
Designed specifically to address a growing need in the industry, the MSc in Big Data Management and Analytics at Griffith College is a one-year programme which aims to build upon learners knowledge of computing science and create big data specialists. This specialist Level 9 programme aims to equip learners with the necessary skills and analytic mindset to pursue a career in a dynamic data analytics industry. The aim of the programme is to deepen the learners’ knowledge of supporting topics such as statistical analysis, including an in-depth understanding of the appropriateness of particular analytic models for a given task, data gathering, and Big Data algorithm design, to name a few. Graduates will be able to implement robust, scalable Big Data applications
Careers 
Through the MSc in Big Data Management and Analytics, graduates will have gained valuable professional experience, specialised in a key emerging field and developed many technical skills. There is a wide range of career options for our graduates including, Data Analyst, Business Intelligence Analyst, Big Data Solutions Lead Engineer, Technical Product Manager, Big Data Architect, Data Analytics Consultant, Video Analytics and Data Scientist, Data Science Expert, Multimedia Systems Developer, IT Operations Manager to list a few.
Entry Requirements
Candidates applying for this programme should have a 2.2 Level 8 honours degree in Computing Science, or a 2.2 Higher Diploma in Computing or related discipline or international equivalent and/or relevant work experience.
Programme Delivery 
The programme runs full-time over one year with two semesters and an August dissertation submission. The part-time programme is delivered over four semesters in two years.
Course Content 
Learners on the MSc programme complete eight taught modules and a dissertation. Postgraduate Diploma learners complete just the eight modules from the MSc programme. 
SEMESTER ONE 
-	Research Methods 
-	Big Data Analytics Inf
-	ormation Retrieval and Web Search 
-	Parallel and Distributed Programming 
SEMESTER TWO 
-	Cloud Platforms and Applications 
-	Big Data Management 
-	Data Mining Algorithms and Techniques 
-	Applied Data Science 
DISSERTATION SEMESTER Dissertation / Dissertation by practice
Progression 
On completion of the programme, learners may progress onto a range of Level 10 Doctoral programmes on the National Qualifications Framework.
Apply direct: www.griffith.ie 
Course duration: Full-Time 1 year Part-Time 2 years 
Award Level: Level 9 Validated by: QQI

MSc / Postgraduate Diploma in Network and Information Security LIMERICK
About the Course 
This MSc in Network and Information Security aims to equip learners with the necessary skills to pursue a career in this specialist area. Designed specifically to address a growing need in the industry, this Masters aims to enable learners to develop robust and efficient network security plans, strategies and solutions. Learners will establish an analytical mindset necessary for independent and professional research. Graduates of the programme will obtain specialist knowledge and skills essential for a career in network security. 
Careers 
Through the MSc in Network and Information Security, graduates will have gained valuable professional experience, specialised in a key emerging field and developed many technical skills. There is a wide range of career options for our graduates including Information Security Architect, Information Security Risk Lead, Cyber Security Manager, Computing Consultant, Business Intelligence Analyst, Information Security Engineering, Microsoft Solutions Engineer, Senior Software Engineer, Academic Research, Web Developer to list a few. 
Entry Requirements 
Candidates applying for this programme should have a 2.2 Level 8 honours degree in Computing Science, or a 2.2 Higher Diploma in Computing or related discipline or international equivalent and/or relevant work experience. 
Programme Delivery
The programme runs full-time over one year with two semesters and an August dissertation submission. The part-time programme is delivered over four semesters in two years. September and February commencements are facilitated.
Course Content
Learners on the MSc programme complete eight taught modules and a dissertation. Postgraduate Diploma learners complete just the eight modules from the MSc programme. 
SEMESTER ONE 
-	Information and Network Security Technologies 
-	Legal and Ethical Aspects of Information Security 
-	IT Infrastructure Protection and Ethical Hacking 
-	Cryptography 
SEMESTER TWO 
-	Computer Forensics 
-	Managing Information Security 
-	Computer Networks and Internetworking 
-	Research Methods 
DISSERTATION SEMESTER Dissertation / Dissertation by practice 
Progression 
On completion of the programme, learners may progress onto a range of Level 10 Doctoral programmes on the National Qualifications Framework.

MSc / Postgraduate Diploma in Interactive Digital Media DUBLIN
About the Course 
In design and interactive development, a knowledge of creative media software applications is key to productivity and success. This programme teaches how to create interactive applications using digital technology and takes learners through the steps needed to produce high-standard, professional media work. Relevant professional applications are used by learners who learn by doing. In addition to practical work, learners have plenty of opportunity to study, discuss and critically evaluate the fundamental underlying principles. This programme is an interdisciplinary, cross-faculty programme which exploits established strengths of Griffith College in Computing, Media and Design. This programme will equip you with advanced skills and expertise in the development of, and content creation for, digital media systems. If you work in this field or wish to pursue a related career, it will enable you to sharpen your existing skills or help lay down the foundation skills to establish new businesses within this sector. 
Careers 
On completion of this programme, graduates will be qualified to work as designers and creative directors in a variety of cross-disciplinary industries. Other careers include UX/UI Designers, content/information managers, industrial and academic research, digital media systems developers, innovative media practitioners, and as entrepreneurs. 
Entry Requirements 
Candidates have a BA or BSc 2.2 award in computing, media, design or another related discipline. Candidates with relevant working experience without a 2.2 award are encouraged to apply for interviewbased access through the college’s APEL admissions process.
Course Content 
Learners on the MSc programme complete ten taught modules plus a dissertation; Postgraduate Diploma learners complete just ten modules. 
SEMESTER ONE: 
-	Web Authoring 
-	Visual Communication 
-	Digital Media and Society 
-	Research Methods 
SEMESTER TWO: 
-	Interaction Design 
-	Multimedia Programming 
-	Business of Digital Media 
-	Digital Media Platforms
ELECTIVE MODULES [choose two] 
-	Game Design and Development 
-	Theories and Principles of Animation 
-	Digital Storytelling 
-	3D Modelling and Rendering 
-	Desktop Publishing 
-	Server-side Web Development and Databases 
-	eLearning 
-	Video Production 
DISSERTATION SEMESTER: Dissertation by practice (e.g. app, fame, website development etc.) 
Programme Delivery 
Full-time students will complete the two taught stages over two semesters and will complete the dissertation by practice in an additional third semester. Part-time students will complete the two taught stages over three semesters and will complete the dissertation by practice in an additional fourth semester. September and February commencements are facilitated. 
Progression
On completion of the programme, learners may progress onto a range of Level 10 Doctoral programmes on the National Qualifications Framework
Apply direct: www.griffith.ie 
Course duration: Full-Time 1 year Part-Time 2 years 
Award Level: Level 9 Validated by: QQI

Higher Diploma in Science in Computing DUBLIN
About the Course 
The programme is designed to meet the ongoing industry demand for computer professionals. While focusing on current and future growth areas in computing, this higher diploma programme bridges the gap between non-computing disciplines and Computing Science. Its specific aim is to provide rigorous and stimulating classes for learners who wish to acquire theoretical and practical training in computing and, particularly, in software development. This programme is ideal for non-computing graduates who want to compete favourably against computing science graduates for the broad range of computingrelated employment available. 
Course Content Learners on the Higher Diploma programme complete ten taught modules. 
SEMESTER ONE: 
-	Computer Programming, 
-	Computer Architecture and Organisation 
-	Data Communications and Networks 
-	Discrete Mathematics 
-	Relational Databases 
SEMESTER TWO: 
-	Programming and Data Structures, 
-	Object Oriented Development 
-	Operating System Design 
-	HCI and GUI Programming 
-	Software Engineering for Web Applications
Entry Requirements 
Candidates applying for this conversion programme should have a Level 8 Honours degree or above in any discipline or international equivalent and/or relevant work experience. 
Programme Delivery 
The programme runs full-time over one year with two semesters. The part-time programme is delivered over three semesters in two years. The Part-time, blended delivery option can be facilitated however, this is subject to numbers. September and February commencements are facilitated. 
Progression 
On successful completion of this diploma, graduates who obtain second class honours or higher are eligible to be considered for entry to all four Masters Computing programmes in Griffith College.
Apply direct: www.griffith.ie 
Course duration: Full-Time 1 year Part-Time 2 years 
Award Level: Level 8 Validated by: QQI

Journalism & Media Communications
MA/PGD in Journalism & Digital Communications 
MA/PGD in Public Relations & Digital Communications 
MA/PGD in Digital Communications, Podcasting & Video 
MA in Scoring for Film, TV & Interactive Media 
Postgraduate Diploma in Arts in Trust, Safety and Content 
Moderation Management Micro-credential courses in Trust, Safety & Content Moderation 
1. Certificate in Self-Caring Practice in Occupational Contexts 
2. Certificate in Software Skills for Trust and Safety Professionals 
3. Certificate in Applied Project Management for Trust & Safety Professionals
MA / Postgraduate Diploma in Journalism & Digital Communications DUBLIN
About the Course 
Whether it’s a great news report or a post we hover over on social media, everything we read, hear and watch on our phones and laptops is produced by someone. This MA is for those who want to be the journalism and digital communications professionals who get paid to conceive of, produce, upload and manage that content. This MA is for candidates seeking the digital communications production skills needed for success across the multiplatform news, social and commercial media content production sector. Graduates come to the employment selection process equipped with a portfolio demonstrating their media product, consisting of industrystandard journalistic and investigative skills, digital communications production and data journalism skills, transferable postgraduate research and writing skills applicable across the digital communications sectors. These transferable skills are complemented by a comprehensive range of digital communications production modules. All participants are entitled to apply for an NUJ Press Card.. 
Careers 
Graduates’ job titles include: journalist, head of news; reporter, researcher, mobile journalist, editor, producer and presenter across websites, radio and TV, podcast and video; creative officer, media analyst, multiplatform content coordinator, documentary director, film director, freelance writer, copywriter, digital communications executive, video editor. 
Entry Requirements 
Applicants are required to hold a minimum of an honours (NFQ level 8) BA primary degree with a 2.2 award, or equivalent. Candidates with working experience without a 2.2 award are encouraged to apply for interview.
Course Content 
SEMESTER ONE 
-	Data Journalism & Analytics 
-	Mobile Video Production 
-	Multiplatform Writing & Editing 
-	Podcasting & Radio Production 
-	Research: Methods & Skills 
SEMESTER TWO 
-	Communications & Audience Theories 
-	Digital Communications & Investigative Journalism 
-	Media Product Design & Professional Development
ELECTIVE MODULES [choose two] 
-	Communications & Audience Theories 
-	Digital Communications & Investigative Journalism 
-	Media Product Design & Professional Development 
-	Sports Journalism 
-	The Business of Media 
-	Video Storytelling 
DISSERTATION SEMESTER: Dissertation: traditional academic, or by practice (e.g. video or radio documentary, online magazine, book of photography, investigative article series, etc.) 
Programme Delivery 
The programme runs full-time over one year with two semesters and an August dissertation submission. It is also run part-time over four semesters in two years through ‘blended learning’ where learners can attend lectures live online or view lectures and related reading online at their convenience. September and February course commencements are facilitated.
Apply direct: www.griffith.ie 
Course duration: Full-Time 1 year Part-Time 2 years
Award Level: Level 9 Validated by: QQI

MA / Postgraduate Diploma in Public Relations & Digital Communiations DUBLIN
About the Course 
This programme is designed for those who wish to master the theory and application of the public relations skills and techniques required to succeed in a wide range of public relations employment settings, from PR agencies, to corporate, governmental and non-governmental organisations’ in-house PR teams. Participants on the programme learn public relations and public affairs strategic communications, how to build relationships with decisionmakers, the strategic use of emerging communication technologies and how to leverage positive and negative news for clients while understanding journalists’ thinking and requirements. An additional feature of this course is its grounding in the practical acquisition of digital communications production skills. Graduates of this MA come to employment selection processes equipped with a portfolio demonstrating both their high quality PR product and knowledge, as well postgraduate-level production skills in enhanced digital journalism, podcasting, mobile video editing and social/digital content creation. This is a Public Relations Institute of Ireland (PRII) accredited course, entitling learners to membership. 
Careers 
Graduates’ job titles include: digital communications officer, junior PR consultant, digital communications executive/manager, digital marketing and PR executive, marketing executive/manager, online advertising specialist, public policy and government relations director, senior social media executive/ manager, account director/manager, communications officer/manager, content executive/manager, digital content producer, head of content and brand marketing. 
Entry Requirements 
Applicants are required to hold a minimum of an honours (NFQ level 8) BA primary degree with a 2.2 award, or equivalent. Candidates with working experience and without a 2.2 BA award are encouraged to apply for interview entry.
Course Content 
Learners on the MA programme complete 11 taught modules plus a dissertation; Postgraduate Diploma learners complete just 11 modules. 
SEMESTER ONE 
-	Mobile Video Production 
-	Multiplatform Writing & Editing 
-	Podcasting & Radio Production 
-	Public Relations Theory & Practice 
-	Research: Methods & Skills 
SEMESTER TWO 
-	Communications & Audience Theories 
-	Corporate Communications 
-	Political Communications & Public Affairs
-	Social/Digital Content Creation 
ELECTIVE MODULES (choose two) 
-	International Political Economy 
-	Media Product Design & Professional Development 
-	Photojournalism 
-	Sports Journalism 
-	The Business of Media 
-	Video Storytelling 
DISSERTATION SEMESTER: Dissertation: traditional academic, or by practice (e.g.: PR strategy, podcast, video documentary, online magazine, etc.) 
Programme Delivery 
The programme runs full-time over one year with two semesters and an August dissertation submission. It is also run part-time over four semesters in two years through ‘blended learning’ where learners can attend lectures live online or view lectures and related reading online at their convenience. September and February course commencements are facilitated
Apply direct: www.griffith.ie 
Course duration: Full-Time 1 year Part-Time 2 years 
Award Level: Level 9 Validated by: QQI

MA / Postgraduate Diploma in Digital Communications: Podcasting & Video DUBLIN
About the Course 
This programme is designed for candidates seeking the industry-standard skills required to conceive, produce, upload and manage the production of podcasting, audio and video content while also acquiring a range of transferable, multiplatform digital communications media production skills in enhanced digital writing and content creation for social/digital channels. Programme graduates come to employment selection processes equipped with a portfolio demonstrating the quality of their audio and video media product, evidence of their relevant experience in audio and video recording studios, as well as transferable postgraduate research and writing skills for application across the digital communications sector. With 27 years of experience in the provision of industry-relevant postgraduate media communications programmes, the Faculty of Journalism & Media Communications at Griffith College has ensured that the design of this programme in Digital Communications: Podcasting & Video has been created with a dynamic mix of podcasting and video industry professionals working with full-time academics. All participants are entitled to apply for an NUJ Press Card. 
Entry Requirements 
Applicants are required to hold a minimum of an honours (NFQ level 8) BA primary degree with a 2.2 award, or equivalent. Candidates with working experience without a 2.2 BA award are encouraged to apply for interview. 
Careers 
Graduates’ job titles include: producers and presenters, researchers and editors in podcasts, websites, radio and TV; video editor, video content editor, social media influencer, video content creator, digital content creator/manager; digital content writer/creator, video production manager, digital content curator, advertising copywriter, video production assistant, media researcher and analyst, digital media trainer, freelance content creator. 
Course Content 
SEMESTER ONE 
-	Mobile Video Production 
-	Multiplatform Writing & Editing 
-	Podcasting & Radio Production 
-	Radio Studio Production 
-	Research: Methods & Skills
-	Video Storytelling 
SEMESTER TWO 
-	Communications & Audience Theories 
-	Radio Documentary & Advanced Podcasting Techniques 
-	Social/Digital Content Creation 
-	TV Studio Production 
ELECTIVE MODULES (choose two) 
-	International Political Economy 
-	Media Product Design & Professional Development 
-	Photojournalism 
-	Sports Journalism 
-	The Business of Media 
-	Virtual Studio: Mastering & Delivery 
DISSERTATION SEMESTER: Dissertation: traditional academic, or by practice (e.g. video or radio documentary, podcast, book of photography, socials video content, etc.) 
Programme Delivery 
The programme runs full-time over one year, and also part-time over four semesters in two years. While some practical modules such as TV Studio require on-campus attendance over selected weekend blocs, the majority of the part-time course is delivered through live, online (and recorded) ‘blended learning’. September and February course commencements are facilitated
MA in Scoring for Film, TV and Interactive Media DUBLIN 
About the Course 
The MA in Scoring for Film, TV and Interactive Media is designed to nurture the development of strong, individual creative voices ready to contribute original music for feature and short film, television, interactive media including video games, AR and VR. Instruction in key skills and focused critical engagement form a solid foundation upon which the learner builds their distinctive creative praxis. This programme imparts the core skills, workflows, techniques and tropes suitable to the creation and production of music for visual media. As part of this training, the programme aims to engender a firm understanding of business and legal issues associated with the role of visual media composer. In addition, the MA provides learners with the necessary space, support, guidance and individual mentoring necessary to develop a recognisably personal compositional voice. Upon completion, graduates are industry-ready to operate as a selfemployed entrepreneur, capable of responding dynamically to a fluid and complex arts sector. 
Careers 
Graduates are employed in the music industry or within education in the field of composition. A sample of recent graduates’ job profiles include: self-employed composer for film, TV and interactive media; freelance arranger for visual media and concert projects; assistant to established visual media composer (additional composition / production); sound engineer / music producer for diverse music and audiovisual projects; score supervisor for large ensemble recording sessions; arts administrator / project manager. 
Course Content 
Learners on the MA programme complete ten taught modules plus a major project; Postgraduate Diploma learners complete just ten modules. 
SEMESTER ONE: 
-	The Composer in the Recording Studio 
-	Music Production with the DAW 
-	Composition for Visual Media 1 
-	Analysis of Music in Audio-Visual Media 
-	Royalties, Copyright and Contracts 
SEMESTER TWO: 
-	Sound for Virtual Environments 
-	Orchestration 
-	Project Development 
-	Composition for Visual Media 2 
-	Client Communication and Professional Practice 
SEMESTER THREE: Major Project: self-directed, creative practiceas-research with supervision on a regular basis (practical composition and written exegesis). 
Entry Requirements 
Candidates with a 2.2 award or higher in a honours primary degree in music, with a specialisation in composition, are considered for admission by interview. Candidates without an undergraduate music degree, but who can demonstrate an appropriate level of experience and expertise, are encouraged to apply for interview-based access through the College’s APEL admissions process. 
Programme Delivery 
This programme runs full-time over one-year comprising two taught semesters and a third semester devoted to a major project. Candidates are encouraged to contact the faculty to discuss our flexible, student-oriented timetabling designed to suit personal and professional requirements.
Apply direct: www.griffith.ie 
Course duration: Full-Time 1 years 
Award Level: Level 9 Validated by: QQI

Postgraduate Diploma in Arts in Trust, Safety and Content Moderation Management DUBLIN
Course Details 
The Postgraduate Diploma in Arts in Trust, Safety and Content Moderation Management is a oneyear postgraduate NFQ level 9 award comprising nine integrated modules totalling 60 ECTS credits. The programme, taught over three semesters, provides comprehensive development enabling learners to master the complex technical, regulatory, ethical, social and management requirements of the evolving trust, safety, and content moderation industry. The programme is aimed at early-stage professionals working in a trust and safety or in a content moderation environment, who are migrating to management functions within the sector, or have an ambition to do so. The programme will deepen and broaden their existing skills with competencies in project management, appropriate deployment and operation of software packages, the application of regulation and compliance requirements, problem solving, communications, and critical thinking, with accredited transferrable proficiencies in these areas. Ireland has emerged as an international headquarters for many of the world’s largest internet companies, with several siting significant elements of their trust and safety operations here. In 2019, Accenture estimated that there were over 100,000 people moderating content globally, with those numbers expected to grow significantly amid calls for increased regulation of online content. It is estimated that approximately 10,000 people scrutinise YouTube and other Google products, and Twitter, a smaller company, has about 1,500 moderators. Ireland, as the international headquarters’ location for many of the world’s largest internet companies, is uniquely positioned to bolster this activity, and this programme aims to support the needs of this emerging trust and safety sector
Entry Requirements 
Applicants are required to hold a minimum of an honours (NFQ level 8) primary degree with a 2.2 award, or equivalent. It is expected that applicants to this programme would be working in the broad online trust and safety and content moderation environment. 
Course Delivery 
The blended mode of delivery offers learners a more flexible learning environment and provides an opportunity for those living outside the greater Dublin area to study in Griffith College. This programme supports a split between online (20%) and classroom (80%) lectures and includes engagement with the local community and industry and attendances at seminars and CPDs arranged by specialist and professional practitioners as well as undertaking fieldtrips relating to new research and development. Classes are delivered using a Hybrid delivery method with classes being recorded and available for leaners to catch up and review outside of timetables classes. 
Modules
-	Data Processing Technologies 
-	Regulation and Compliance 
-	Cultural & Political Evolution of Social Media 
-	Applied Project Management for Trust and Safety Professionals 
-	Data Management Technologies 
-	Platform Standards and Ethics 
-	Self-Caring Practice in Occupational Contexts 
-	Communication& Thinking Skills 
-	Digital Investigations
Apply direct: www.griffith.ie 
Course duration: Part Time, blended 1 Year 
Award Level: QQI level 9 (60 ECTS) Validated by: QQI

Micro-Credential Courses in Trust, Safety & Content Moderation DUBLIN
Certificate in Arts in Software Skills for Trust and Safety Professionals 
The Certificate in Software Skills for Trust and Safety Professionals is aimed at current trust and safety or content moderation professionals seeking to develop technology-specific software skills with a focus on data processing and management theory, tools, and techniques. This programme equips learners with the knowledge and understanding of the technologies supporting the tools used by trust and safety and/or content moderation teams to filter user-generated content. Learners acquire the skills to design and modify workflow protocols to enhance enforcement of content moderation policies. Furthermore, learners acquire a working knowledge of computer programming and software development, including the concepts of machine learning and data visualisation. With these skills, learners are better enabled to find solutions and improve interaction with the developers of these tools
Certificate in Arts in Self-Caring Practice in Occupational Contexts 
This Certificate in Self-Caring Practice in Occupational Contexts programme equips learners to critically engage with self-awareness theories, while demonstrating the capability to critically identify and reflect on areas for personal growth and development, self-management, and self-learning. The certificate facilitates learners from all professional backgrounds to become more holistically self-aware, to identify personal strengths and vulnerabilities which may impact on both their personal and professional lives, and to be able to take appropriate self-care strategies and build their resilience. Learners build their abilities to recognise, understand work-related stress and burnout, while identifying strategies and methods for effective adaptive coping. In particular, the module introduces learners to the importance of selfawareness within personal and work-related environments.
Certificate in Arts in Applied Project Management for Trust and Safety Professionals 
The Certificate in Applied Project Management for Trust and Safety Professionals aims to equip learners with the tools and techniques to critically evaluate and effectively apply project management skills in the trust and safety environment. The need for the development of core transversal skills in leadership, critical analysis and escalation management strategies are met in this programme. The programme seeks to develop learners’ competencies in applying best practice theories and how to best perform under the pressures of multiple projects and deadlines in the context of trust, safety, and content moderation. They will also develop an understanding of data analytics and measurement tools and how they are utilised in project management in an online work environment. This course runs over one semester as a part time, blended programme.

Teaching & Learning Courses 
MA Education, Learning & Development 
Testimonials/images 
Postgrad Diploma Education, Learning & Development 
Certificate in Education, Learning & Development

Best Bits of Teaching & Learning 
1.	Motivate and engage learners This programme aims to support, inspire and challenge participants professional practice by providing them with the underpinning concepts, theories and practices associated with the implementation of effective learning for all learners. Participants on the programme explore and evaluate contemporary learning theories, and learn to implement practical strategies to motivate and engage their learners, participants or clients. Some of these strategies involve using technology to enhance the multiple ways of reaching and engaging learners. Participants build on their existing skills and develop their expertise in designing, implementing and evaluating effective learning programmes, including accredited and non-accredited programmes.
2.	Community of practitioners This programme is designed to create a collaborative, inquisitive, reflective and inclusive community of practitioners. It offers practitioners from a range of education, learning and development contexts opportunities to learn with and from each other. It also provides the opportunity to challenge their assumptions and practices within a critical and collegial community of practitioners. The inclusive nature of this programme is based on engaging those who support adults learning within accredited and formal educational settings such as higher education as well as non-accredited learning within organisations.
3.	Flexible Schedule and Support The programme is offered in a part-time blended format with approximately one workshop on campus per month (Saturday), a weekly release of non-live lectures to be watched in your own time, weekly webinars and drop-in sessions. This format facilitates learners who are engaged in full-time or part-time roles. Participants are also supported throughout the programme with additional skills workshops.
4.	Elective Specialism Elective specialism provides the participant with choice so that they can choose modules to align with their individual educational and training needs or career development
5.	Car parking Free car parking on our Postgraduate | South Circular Road campus

MA in Education, Learning and Development DUBLIN
About the Course 
The programme aims to challenge participants to question and revitalise their professional practice by building on their existing knowledge and skills. Through this programme, participants will master the various techniques to motivate and engage their learners, participants or clients, in line with best practice. Participants will develop their expertise in designing, implementing and evaluating effective learning programmes, including accredited and nonaccredited programmes. Through collaborative group tasks, peer reflection and discussion, participants from a variety of different backgrounds will learn from and with each other. This programme is ideal for those who feel they lack the theoretical underpinnings to challenge and inform their practice, or who feel they need to energise their practice with new insights from research. 
Careers 
The programme aims to further the careers of learning and development practitioners and prepare them for leadership roles in their field At a national level, there is an increasing need for adult educators to have formal qualifications. Many who support learners in an organisational context such as role holders in L&D or HR departments may have a degree in Human Resources or in Business. The individual and/or the organisation may want to have a higher level or specialist qualification to support and inform their role. 
Programme Delivery 
Contact time is delivered using a variety of methods; via face-to-face workshops on campus, recorded lectures, online webinars and online drop-in mentoring sessions. For the dissertation, there are on-campus workshops which are live-streamed and recorded as well as one-to-one meetings with your supervisor. 
Course Content 
SEMESTER ONE 
-	Professional Practice 
-	Learning Designs: Contexts and Considerations 
SEMESTER TWO & THREE 
-	Strategic Learning and Development 
-	Psychology of Learning 
-	Research Methods 
-	Equality, Diversity and Inclusion 
-	Personal and Professional Development 
ELECTIVE MODULES (choose two) 
-	Emergent Learning Technologies  
-	Innovation for Learning  
-	Supervision of Research Projects  
-	Workplace Learning 
-	Learning Analytics 
SEMESTER FOUR (DISSERTATION) There are two dissertation options; written dissertation or dissertation by practice. 
Entry Requirements
Applicants must hold a Level 8 degree in their area of expertise. They must also have a minimum of 50 hours training or lecturing experience with adult learners. Applicants who do meet the eligibility criteria but who may have prior academic and/or professional experience relevant to the programme may apply to the College for consideration of their Accredited Prior Learning (APL) or Accredited Prior Experiential Learning (APEL) in accordance with Griffith College’s APL/APEL procedures. 
Progression On completion of this Masters, learners may go on to study a PhD in the area.
Apply direct: www.griffith.ie 
Course duration: 2 years Part-Time, Blended 
Award Level: Level 9 Validated by: QQi

Postgraduate Diploma in Education, Learning and Development DUBLIN
About the Course 
The Postgraduate Diploma is accredited as an embedded award leading to a Masters in Education, Learning and Development The programme offers an opportunity for practitioners in education, learning and development the opportunity to advance their knowledge, skills and competencies at a postgraduate level. Through this programme, participants will master the various techniques to motivate and engage their learners, participants or clients, in line with best practice. Participants will develop their expertise in designing, implementing and evaluating effective learning programmes, including accredited and nonaccredited programmes. Through collaborative group tasks, peer reflection and discussion, participants from a variety of different backgrounds will learn from and with each other. 
Careers 
The programme aims to further the careers of learning and development practitioners and prepare them for leadership roles in their field At a national level, there is an increasing need for adult educators to have formal qualifications. Many who support learners in an organisational context such as role holders in L&D or HR departments may have a degree in Human Resources or in Business. The individual and/or the organisation may want to have a higher level or specialist qualification to support and inform their role. 
Programme Delivery 
Contact time is delivered using a variety of methods; via face-to-face workshops on campus, recorded lectures, online webinars and online drop-in mentoring sessions. For the dissertation, there are on-campus workshops which are live-streamed and recorded as well as one-to-one meetings with your supervisor. 
Course Content 
SEMESTER ONE 
-	Professional Practice 
-	Learning Designs: Contexts and Considerations 
SEMESTER TWO & THREE 
-	Strategic Learning and Development 
-	Psychology of Learning 
-	Research Methods 
-	Equality, Diversity and Inclusion 
-	Personal and Professional Development 
ELECTIVE MODULES (choose two) 
-	Emergent Learning Technologies 
-	Innovation for Learning 
-	Supervision of Research Projects 
-	Workplace Learning 
-	Learning Analytics 
Entry Requirements 
Applicants must hold a Level 8 degree in their area of expertise. They must also have a minimum of 50 hours training or lecturing experience with adult learners. Applicants who do meet the eligibility criteria but who may have prior academic and/or professional experience relevant to the programme may apply to the College for consideration of their Accredited Prior Learning (APL) or Accredited Prior Experiential Learning (APEL) in accordance with Griffith College’s APL/APEL procedures. 
Progression 
Upon completion, participants may choose to progress onto the master’s in education, Learning and Development.
Apply direct: www.griffith.ie 
Course duration: 15 months Part-Time, Blended 
Award Level: Level 9 Validated by: QQI

Certificate in Education, Learning and Development (Special Purpose Award) DUBLIN
About the Course 
The programme offers an opportunity for practitioners in education, learning and development the opportunity to advance their knowledge, skills and competencies at a postgraduate level. These modules engage participants in the underpinning concepts, theories and practices associated with the design and implementation of effective learning for all adult learners. Key concepts such as learning theories, inclusive strategies for learning and critical use of technologies are all introduced. Through this programme, participants will develop their expertise in designing, implementing and evaluating effective learning programmes, including accredited and nonaccredited programmes. The Postgraduate Certificate is accredited as an embedded award within the Postgraduate Diploma and the Masters in Education, Learning and Development. Learners on the Certificate programme complete two taught modules from the Masters. 
Careers 
The programme aims to advance and evidence the professional development of educators and practitioners in learning and development with the aim of furthering their careers and preparing them for leadership roles in their field. This programme is ideal for those who feel they lack the theoretical underpinnings to challenge and inform their practice, or who feel they need to energise their practice with new insights from research. 
Academic Progression 
Upon completion, participants may choose to progress onto the Postgraduate Diploma or the Masters in Education, Learning and Development. 
Course Content 
-	Professional Practice 
-	Learning Designs: Contexts and Considerations 
Entry Requirements 
Applicants must hold a Level 8 degree in their area of expertise. They must also have a minimum of 25 hours training or lecturing experience with adult learners. Applicants who do meet the eligibility criteria but who may have prior academic and/or professional experience relevant to the programme may apply to the College for consideration of their Accredited Prior Learning (APL) or Accredited Prior Experiential Learning (APEL) in accordance with Griffith College’s APL/APEL procedures.
Apply direct: www.griffith.ie 
Course duration: 1 Semester (4 months) Part-Time, Blended 
Award Level: Level 9 Validated by: QQI

Pharmaceutical Science courses 
MSc Pharmaceutical Business and Technology 
MSc Digital Transformation (Life Science) 
MSc Medical Device Business and Technology

MSc/Postgraduate Diploma in Pharmaceutical Business & Technology DUBLIN CORK 
About the Course 
This programme is a unique blend of a technology and business qualification. It will focus on core competencies such as Pharmaceutical Processes and Production, Pharmaceutical Business Introduction & Technology Transfer, Emerging Trends in the Industry, the Implementation of Operational Excellence (Lean & Six Sigma), Regulatory aspects of the Pharmaceutical Industry, Strategic Thinking and Leadership Development and Professional Skills. With extensive input and participation from the pharmaceutical and clinical trials sectors, this programme is ideal for those involved in manufacturing, compliance, business improvement, quality assurance, validation, data analytics, clinical trial co-ordination and engineering. All classes are broadcast live using an online training platform, offering the learners the opportunity to either physically attend or join the class online. All classes are also recorded, allowing learners the opportunity to view later and support revision Online learning and support will be provided through the use of Moodle. Extensive coaching and mentoring workshops will be provided with specific focus on individual assessment and improvement. The PGDip programme is delivered over three semesters by experienced academic and industry lecturers . An additional 2 semesters to complete the MSc. Learners attend classes two evenings per week online (6.30pm - 9.30pm) and approximately two Saturdays per month in-person for tutorial and group work. Evening classes are delivered online, and recordings are available. On completion of the PGDip, learners can progress to a full MSc by submitting a research dissertation. Stage 1 A three semester taught programme in Pharmaceutical Business & Technology. Students can complete 11 months and graduate with a 60 credit Postgraduate Diploma or have the option to progress with a further 4 months of study to complete a dissertation, graduating with a 90 credit MSC in Pharmaceutical Business & Technology. Stage 2 A two semester dissertation (30 ECTS). After Stage 2 students can graduate with an MSc in Pharmaceutical Business & Technology. 
Course Content 
-	Process, Production & Pharmaceutical Quality 
-	21st Century Dynamics & Emerging Trends 
-	Regulatory Landscape of Pharmaceutical Business 
-	Clinical Research Management 
-	Pharmaceutical Technology Transfer 
-	Strategy, Leadership & the Culture of Innovation 
-	Operational Excellence & the Science of Innovation 
-	Research Methods 
-	Dissertation 
-	Critical Competency Development 
Entry Requirements Level 8 primary degree with a 2.2 award or higher in engineering, science, medicine, quality, or related discipline. Recognition of prior learning will also be taken into account. 
Careers 
Potential Roles include: Biomedical Engineering, Process/Product Design, Manufacturing/Operations, Regulatory Affairs/Compliance, Technology Transfer, Validation/Automation, Operational Excellence, Quality Control/Quality Assurance, Computer Systems, Data Analytics, Business Strategy.
Apply direct: www. innopharmaeducation.com 
Course duration: PGD: Part-Time 12months MSc: Part-Time 18 months 
Award Level: Level 9 Validated by: QQI

MSc/Postgraduate Diploma in Digital Transformation (Life Science) DUBLIN
About the Course 
Global spend on Digital Transformation will exceed $3.9 trillion in 2029, there has never been a better time to join this growing industry. Organisations are struggling to find/retain staff with key skills in Digitalization, Data Analytics, Automation, Artificial Intelligence, and Operational Excellence. This program equips you with the right knowledge and skills to succeed in an AI enabled world. This programme is delivered two evenings per week online with recordings available and two Saturdays per month. Students do not need to have a technical, IT or computing background. This program is ideal for those working or seeking position in life science organisations or other sectors impacted by digital technologies. The principles learned on the program can be applied to most sectors. 
Course Content 
-	Advanced Manufacturing in the Smart Factory 
-	Quality Management in a Digital Age 
-	Big Data Acquisition & Management
-	Big Data Analysis. 
-	Visualisation & Storytelling with Data. 
-	Business Case Development 
-	Operational Excellence. 
-	Business Strategy & Change Management 
-	Research Methods.
Careers 
Digital Transformation/ Advanced Manufacturing/ Automation/Process Analytical Technologies/ Process Digitisation / Digitalisation/ Regulatory Affairs / Compliance/ Data Architecture & Analytics Operational Excellence/ Business Strategy. 
Entry Requirements 
The primary target audience are those with a minimum qualification an Honours degree (minimum 2.2 or higher) at NFQ Level 8 or higher in Science, Quality, Computing, Manufacturing, Engineering or related discipline. 
Stage 1 A three semester taught programme in Digital Transformation. Students can complete 12 months and graduate with a 60 credit Postgraduate Diploma or have the option to progress with a further 6 months of study to complete a Dissertation, graduating with a 90 credit MSc in Digital Transformation. 
Stage 2 A two semester Dissertation (30 ECTS). After Stage 2, students can graduate with an MSc in Digital Transformation.
Apply direct: www. innopharmaeducation.com 
Course duration: PGD: Part-Time 12 months MSc: Part-Time 18 months 
Award Level: Level 9 Validated by: QQI

MSc in Medical Device Business & Technology DUBLIN LIMERICK
About the Course 
This programme is a unique blend of Medical Device Technology and Business. It will focus on core competencies such as Medical Device Design & Manufacture, Quality Systems & Regulations, Operational Excellence, Emerging Trends, Medical Measurement, Strategic Thinking and Professional Skills. All classes are broadcast live using an online training platform, offering the learners the opportunity to either physically attend or join the class online. All classes are also recorded, allowing learners the opportunity to view later and support revision. Online learning and support will be provided through the use of Moodle. Extensive coaching and mentoring workshops will be provided with specific focus on individual assessment and improvement. A substantial focus of the programme will also develop the professional skills of the graduate to enhance their career opportunities through development of their CVs, interview skills, and their networking, presentation and communication skills. This programme is delivered two evenings per week and two Saturdays per month. 
Stage 1 A three semester taught programme in Medical Device Business and Technology. Students can complete 12 months and graduate with a 60 credit Postgraduate Diploma or have the option to progress with a further 6 months of study to complete a Dissertation, graduating with a 90 credit MSc in Medical Device Business and Technology. 
Stage 2 A two semester Dissertation (30 ECTS). After Stage 2, students can graduate with an MSc in Medical Device Business and Technology. 
Course Content
-	Medical Device Technology & Design 
-	Medical Device Quality Systems & Regulation 
-	Emerging Trends in Medical Device 
-	Operational Excellence & the Science of Innovation 
-	Strategy, Leadership & the Culture of Innovation 
-	Medical Device Measurement and Analysis 
Progression 
Options are available and will depend on the academic requirements and the career choice of the learner. 
Careers 
Potential Roles include; Process / Product Design, Manufacturing /Operations, Regulatory Affairs / Compliance, Validation / Automation, Operational Excellence, Quality Control / Quality Assurance 
Entry Requirements 
The primary target audience are those with a minimum qualification an Honours degree (minimum 2.2 or higher) at NFQ Level 8 or higher in Science, Quality, Manufacturing, Engineering, Medicine or related discipline.
Apply direct: www. innopharmaeducation.com 
Course duration: 12 months Online, Blended Learning 
Award Level: Level 9 Validated by: QQI

The Lenister School of Music & Drama Courses 
Cert in Professional Practice 
Cert in Preparing the Performer 
Cert in The Creative Process


Best Bits of The Lenister School of Music & Drama
The Leinster School of Music and Drama (LSMD) was founded in 1904 to promote education and teaching in the arts in Ireland. In 1998, the LSMD relocated to Griffith College Dublin becoming a fully owned constituent school of the College.
1.	Internationally recognised qualification LSMD programmes are fully accredited by QQI, making them internationally recognised accredited qualifications. This is the only Higher Diploma in the country offering specialised drama education qualification.
2.	Highly qualified teaching staff Several members of the current teaching staff are firmly established in the performance arena. This experience, combined with their depth of teaching knowledge, enhances the unique learning experience offered by the School.
3.	University style facilities • Extensive music library with music texts, sheet music, CD’s and access to the online catalogue. The drama library has been accumulated over several decades and includes numerous plays, literature, drama theory and educational texts. • Performance oriented facilities, including a 600 seater concert hall. • Fully equipped studios with the latest industry standard music software for writing, recording,performing, editing, mixing and composing music.
4.	Online learning support Study and practice facilities in Dublin are open seven days a week, with unlimited access to online learning and search facilities which allow learners to access lecture material and take part in discussions with class colleagues and lecturers.
5.	Flexible Study Options • Part-time study mode. • The choice of evening and Sunday lectures, combined with part-time, blended delivery. • The possibility to take the programme in three stages under the QQI Accumulation of Credits and Certification of Subjects (ACCS) scheme.

Higher Diploma in Arts in Drama Education DUBLIN
About the Course 
The Higher Diploma in Arts in Drama Education programme is designed to advance the qualifications of existing and aspiring drama teachers. The overall aim of the programme is to provide learners with detailed knowledge and practice of drama creatively, practically and pedagogically. The programme is designed to prepare contemporary practitioners in drama performance and education, enabling them to teach in a school or community setting or to run and manage their own drama practice or studio. The programme is delivered by LSMD lecturers in the fields of education, psychology, storytelling, writing, directing, mime, dance, acting and voice. The teaching strategies employed seek, by example, to encourage practices, which will disseminate artistic and creative initiatives, and require the learners to instigate and develop their own ideas and reflect on the process involved. 
Careers 
Graduates of the programme have taken many routes and are gainfully employed within primary and secondary schools, in performing arts and private speech and drama schools around the country; and working within the early – years sector. Many graduates have set up their own private classes, drama schools and performing arts schools.
Apply direct: www.griffith.ie 
Course duration: Part-Time 1 year 
Award Level: Level 8 Validated by: QQI
Certificate in Drama Education (LSMD Licentiate Diploma) - 45 Credits DUBLIN
About the Course 
Learners on this programme take four subjects from the Higher Diploma in Arts in Drama Education programme, allowing them to concentrate on acquiring a specific subset of drama teaching skills and knowledge. Modules in this programme are certified under QQI’s Accumulation of Credits and Certification of Subjects scheme (ACCS). This programme is of one year’s duration. Lectures are held two evenings per week throughout the two semesters. Learners attend twelve daytime sessions (Sundays) throughout the year. Learners on this programme will also be required to participate in Teaching Practice. Students will be required to undertake three hours Teaching Practice per week for the duration of the programme. 
Progression 
Learners may progress from this programme to take the full Higher Diploma in Arts in Drama Education programme. 
Course Content 
Preparing the Performer 10 credits
The Creative Process 10 credits
Pedagogy and Teaching Practice 20 credits 
Professional Practice 5 credits

Certificate in Drama Performance (LSMD Associate Diploma) - 20 Credits DUBLIN
About the Course 
Learners on this programme take two performance modules from the Higher Diploma in Arts in Drama Education programme, allowing them to concentrate on developing their performance skills at a high level, with a view to progressing on to a drama teaching qualification. Modules in this programme are certified under QQI’s Accumulation of Credits and Certification of Subjects scheme (ACCS). This programme is of one year’s duration. The programme will be delivered as a day or evening programme (one day per week over two semesters). 
Progression 
Learners may progress from this programme to take further modules under QQI’s ACCS scheme, e.g. 45 credits Certificate in Drama Education/ Higher Diploma in Arts in Drama Education. 
Course Content 
Preparing the Performer 10 credits 
The Creative Process 10 credits
Apply direct: www.griffith.ie 
Course duration: Part-Time 1 year* 
Award Level: Level 8 Validated by: QQI + LSMD 
*Students may opt to complete other progression routes in subsequent years.

Apprenticeship - The apprenticeship Council of Ireland was launched by the Minister for Education and Skills in November 2014 and it is responsible for promoting the development and expansion of apprenticeship programmes in Ireland under the banner of Generation Apprenticeship.

Best Bits of Apprenticeships 
1.	Apprenticeships have traditionally formed part of the education systems in other European countries, particularly Germany where learning acquired in the workplace is recognised and valued. International recognition of the value of combining workplace learning with academic learning is growing and is evidenced by the increase in apprenticeship programmes available. Apprenticeships are affordable for the individual learner as they are earning while they are learning and in most cases, the tuition is funded under a government scheme.
2.	Earn while you learn Apprentices earn while they learn and build valuable work-ready skills in a chosen occupation allowing them to fit studying around their finances. Apprenticeships facilitate exciting and rewarding careers, with learning grounded in the practical experience of undertaking a real job. On successful completion of the apprenticeship programme most graduates are retained by their employer.
3.	Work alongside industry experts You have a workplace mentor who is an industry expert to guide you through the workplace learning experience, plus access to subject matter experts in the classroom. When you qualify, you have all the necessary real-world experience.
4.	Fully-funded tuition Your tuition is funded through the National Training Fund (NTF). The NTF was established by the National Training Fund Act 2000, and is resourced by a levy on employers. Its aims are to raise the skill level of those in employment, to give job seekers skills relevant for meeting the demands of the labour market, and to facilitate lifelong learning. It further aims to provide information in relation to the current and future skills needs of the economy

Higher Certificate in Healthcare Support Practice DUBLIN CORK LIMERICK
About the Course 
The Advanced Healthcare Assistant Practitioner apprenticeship programme supported by the apprenticeship alliance was launched in 2021. The consortium steering group is made up of representatives from Nursing Homes Ireland, the Home and Community Care Ireland, and Griffith College as the coordinating academic provider with the delegated responsibility for delivering the programme. It uses the apprenticeship model of delivery where learners are employed full time, are earning a salary, are supported by a mentor in the workplace and attend lectures with the academic provider. It offers healthcare assistants the opportunity to advance their career and to take up senior healthcare assistant roles in their organisation. The programme aims to produce compassionate, competent and confident advanced healthcare assistant practitioners (AHAPs) who are qualified to deliver a wide range of clinical and social care skills, can work autonomously, and who demonstrate the requisite interpersonal skills. 
Careers 
Graduates will take up positions as advanced healthcare assistant practitioners in hospitals, residential care centres, low dependency community living units, home care arrangements and day care centres. It is envisaged that graduates will provide a higher level of support for nursing staff and will assist in the management of healthcare assistant teams. 
Award 
The apprenticeship programme leads to a National Framework of Qualifications level 6 Higher Certificate in Healthcare Support Practice. 
Entry Requirements 
Employed healthcare assistants who have a relevant QQI Healthcare Level 5 Major Award (120 credits) with distinctions in at least 3 components or equivalent qualification from another awarding body which is mapped to level 5 on the NFQ and a minimum of 3 months’ work experience in the healthcare sector. Leaving certificate: 5 subjects with O6 / H7 to include English. Learners need to have foundation mathematics and a minimum of 3 months’ experience of working as a healthcare assistant and at least two relevant QQI level 5 healthcare components – 30 credits. A mature candidate, over the age of 23, who does not hold the above Level 5 qualifications as set out in categories 1 or 2 above but who has a minimum of two years’ experience working as a healthcare assistant, is recommended by their employer are also eligible to apply. 
Course Content 
STAGE 1 Communications and Interpersonal Skills (Part 1), Personal and Professional Development (Part 1), Sociology of Healthcare, Clinical Skills (Part 1), Understanding the Body (Part 1), Health Promotion, Nutrition and Hydration, Older Person Care and Dementia. 
STAGE 2 Introduction to Mental Health, Communications and Interpersonal Skills (Part 2), Personal and Professional Development (Part 2), Clinical Skills (Part 2), Understanding the Body (Part 2), Ethical Legal and Palliative Care, Elective Module. 
ELECTIVE MODULES (Choose 1) Supporting Operating Theatre Care Practice, Supporting People with Intellectual and Physical Disabilities, Supporting People with Mental Illness.
Apply direct: www.griffith.ie 
Course duration: Full-Time 2 years 
Award Level: Level 6 Validated by: QQI

BA in Bar Management DUBLIN CORK LIMERICK
About the Course 
This program was created by the bar industry for the bar industry. It was developed through a thorough consultation with industry experts, including the Consortium Steering Group, which consists of successful bar operators and the VFI. This program is designed to equip learners with various skills needed to manage a bar. These include knowledge of legal and regulatory requirements, leadership and management skills, commercial acumen, food and beverage expertise, financial management, marketing techniques, human resource management, communication skills, and personal development. Upon graduation, individuals can pursue roles as Bar Managers within the domestic or global hospitality sector. The Apprenticeship Council of Ireland funds this programme as part of the Generation Apprenticeship initiative. The initiative aims to significantly expand the number of learners of all ages and backgrounds using the apprenticeship route to gain their qualifications, doubling the current amount.
Why Study Bar Management at Griffith College? 
Griffith College offers a unique opportunity to earn while you learn. Successful candidates will receive a National Framework of Qualifications level 7 BA in Bar Management (QQI) and benefit from a holistic approach to learning. This includes support from academic success coaches throughout the apprenticeship programme. Additionally, the programme offers security of employment, a pathway to higher-paid roles, and an enhanced skill set. You will also receive a lifetime portfolio to evidence your personal achievements. As an apprentice at Griffith College, you will have access to all the resources of a full third-level college campus to support your learning journey
Course Highlights 
This course offers several highlights, including leadership and management training, guidance on operating a customer-centric organisation with commercial awareness, managing a healthy and safe food and beverage operation, and professional communication and behaviour. Additionally, the course teaches financial management practices, practical human resource management principles, and marketing principles and practices. All of this is done under the guidance of a dedicated and highly qualified mentor
Entry Requirements Work experience – Minimum one year full-time OR two years part-time Applicants under 23 years of age: Leaving Certificate: 5 subjects at O6/H7 grade, including English, and a minimum of foundation Mathematics. OR A relevant FET level 5 or 6 major awards, with at least 4 distinctions, OR Equivalent qualification mapped to the national framework of Qualifications (NFQ). Applicants over 23 years of age (Mature applicants): Those who do not hold the above academic qualifications, but have the required work experience in the sector, are recommended by their employer and demonstrate the right attitudes and behaviours will also be eligible to apply. 
Course Details 
STAGE 1 MODULES 
-	Licencing Laws 
-	Bar Operations - Bar Environment and Equipment 
-	Communication Skills 
-	Food and Beverage - Food Safety 
-	Food and Beverage - Products and Service 
-	Personal and Professional Development 
-	Customer Service Skills 
-	Bar Operations - Occupational Health and Safety 
-	Bar Operations – Stock Management 
-	Accounting Fundamentals 
STAGE 2 MODULES 
-	Principles of Marketing 
-	Managing People
-	Food and Beverage - Menu Management 
-	Retail Marketing and Merchandising 
-	Bar Legal and Regulatory Environment 
-	Management Accounting 
-	Bar Management 
-	Business Development Skills 
-	Event Management 
STAGE THREE MODULES 
-	Leadership and Management Skills 
-	Food and Beverage – Management 
-	Human Resource Management 
-	Effective Procurement 
-	Marketing Management 
-	Business Development Project - Capstone Module

Professional Accountancy courses
Association of Chartered Certified Accountants – ACCA 
The Institute of Certified Public Accountants Ireland – CPA 
Accounting Technicians Ireland – ATI

Best Bits of Professional Accountancy
1.	ACCA Platinum Status: ACCA has awarded Griffith College Platinum accreditation – the highest recognition they offer
2.	CPA Goldstar Status: CPA has awarded Griffith College CPA GoldStar accreditation - the highest recognition they offer
3.	Accounting Technicians Ireland Griffith College is an approved listed tuition provider for Accounting Technicians Ireland.
4.	Prize Winners Our Accountancy Prize Winners had a significant total of prizes across all accounting body examinations in recent exams. This includes recent 1st in the World for Papers SBR, AAA & AA, 2nd in the World for APM, numerous Top 10 World ACCA placings and our continually growing number of first places in CPA examinations in 2022.
5.	Pass Rates Griffith College success rates consistently exceed the global/ national average. Students of Griffith College have come first in the world on 11 occasions in the ACCA Examinations.
6.	Flexible Education Griffith Professional Accountancy offers a number of study options to busy professionals: • Evening/Live Streamed Lectures • Recorded Lectures • E-learning • Computer Based Exams
7.	Market Leading Study Materials: Study texts and revision notes approved by all our Accountancy bodies.
8.	Locations Griffith College offers our Professional Accountancy Courses in Dublin Main Campus; Cork & Limerick.
9.	Student Support A team of 40 tutors committed to student success.

Griffith Professional Accountancy DUBLIN CORK LIMERICK
ACCA 
ACCA is the largest and fastest-growing global professional accountancy body in the world, with over 746,000 members and students in 179 countries. The calibre of ACCA tuition provided by Griffith College is unparalleled. ACCA continues to grant their Platinum Status to Griffith Professional Accountancy, Griffith College. This Platinum Status, under ACCA’s University & College Registration Scheme, is given to only a small select number of colleges in the world, of which Griffith College is one. The success of our ACCA Course lecturing team is based on their professionalism and the quality of the lectures, which has resulted in consistently high pass rates that exceed the global average. Many prizes have been won by Griffith College students. Included in our impressive 307 ACCA Prize Winners are 108 First in Ireland Winners and 11 First in the World Winners. We understand the hectic pace of the lives of our ACCA students and, as such, we go that extra mile to provide flexible learning options including; part-time, e-learning, live streaming, video recorded papers and revision classes. If you are looking for the best ACCA tuition possible at a time and place suitable to you, then look no further than Griffith College. Please visit the Griffith Professional Accountancy webpages for the latest on timetables, fees, revision dates and how to apply. Visit www.griffith.ie/faculties/ griffith-professional-accountancy 
CPA 
The Institute of Certified Public Accountants in Ireland (CPA) is one of the main Irish accountancy bodies with in excess of 5,000 members and students. The CPA designation is the most commonly used designation worldwide for professional accountants and the Institute’s qualification enjoys wide recognition in Ireland. CPA tuition provided by Griffith College is of the highest standard and CPA continues to grant their Goldstar Status to The Griffith Professional Accountancy, Griffith College. Griffith College’s high performance standards result in the College always meeting the CPA Goldstar pass rate targets. The success of our CPA course lecturing team is based on their professionalism and the quality of the lectures, which has resulted in consistently high pass rates. The flexibility of our CPA courses is a great advantage to students and includes part-time courses, e-learning courses, live streaming, revision courses, and much more. If you need excellent CPA tuition, then Griffith College is the college for you. In 2022, 11 of our students achieved 1st place in the CPA examinations
Accounting Technicians Ireland Accounting Technicians Ireland is the leading professional body for Accounting Technicians on the island of Ireland. They educate, support and represent over 10,000 people working in the profession. Established in 1983, they provide a recognised business qualification and promote the highest educational, technical and ethical standards to their members. Griffith College has provided Accounting Technician courses since we started our Griffith Professional Accountancy and many happy successful students have gone through our doors having passed their exams. Please visit the Griffith Professional Accountancy webpages for the latest on timetables, fees, revision dates and how to apply. Visit www.griffith.ie/faculties/ griffith-professional-accountancy
Apply direct: www.griffith.ie For further information please contact Griffith Professional Accountancy +353 1 4150 461 profaccountancy@griffith.ie

Professional Law Courses
Preparatory Course for the Law Society of Ireland’s Final 
Examination – Part One (Entrance Examination – FE1) 
Preparatory Course for The 
Honorable Society of King’s Inns’ Entrance Examinations

Best Bits of Professional Law
1.	Intensive and Practical courses Each subject includes 14 lectures, 2 e-tutorials and 1 workshop, delivered by some of the best lecturers in the in the industry for FE1.
2.	Past Papers and Sample Answers Sample answers for FE1 are fully updated in respect the past papers and examiner reports for the most recent sitting.
3.	Study Manuals Fully revised and up to date course materials.
4.	Flexible Study Options: All FE1 preparatory classes and Kings Inn lectures are recorded and available online for student revision. So the course can be undertaken any time, any place, anywhere.
5.	Library Facilities All Professional Law students have access to the Griffith College library which is a subscriber to Lexis Nexis, JustisOne, Westlaw UK and Westlaw.ie, premier legal research engines
6.	Record of success The Griffith College Professional Law School has obtained consistent success in the professional examinations of the Law Society of Ireland and Honorable Society of Kings Inns
The Professional Law School’s mission is to deliver great education, that is accessible and affordable to everyone, everywhere, at any time and, as a result, the Professional Law School delivers engaging, interactive and real-time education. It educates participants worldwide who seek professional progression. The unique and market-proven business model solves many of the key challenges in online education, combining online lectures, live online and recorded e-tutorials and live online and recorded workshops for FE1.

Preparatory Course for the Law Society of Ireland’s Final Examination (FE1) DUBLIN
About the Course 
Geared towards the specific examination papers set by the Law Society of Ireland, the Griffith College Professional Law School’s 15-week FE1 Preparation Course is both intensive and practical. Against a background of unequalled quality in materials, notes and facilities, underpinned by outstanding, supportive lecturers, you are assured of an environment that will enable you to excel. The Final Examination is the entrance examination to the Law Society of Ireland. Only those who have passed or gained exemption from the Preliminary Examination can sit this examination which is held twice each year, in spring and autumn. 
Course Delivery 
Our FE1 preparation courses offer a combination of; 
-	Fourteen online lectures: pre-recorded lectures released weekly, meaning participants can watch lectures at a time and place convenient to them. 
-	Two e-tutorials will be available via live stream so participants can join in. They will also be recorded and made available to learners to watch in their own time. 
-	One intensive exam preparation workshop will be available for participants via live stream. It will also be recorded and made available so participants can watch in their own time.
Participants are provided with a hard copy for each course and also a soft copy of the manual, past examination papers, examiners reports and sample answers are made available online for each of the courses. The recording of e-tutorials and workshops, in addition to their live streaming, means that you can watch the e-tutorials and workshop at a time and place convenient to you, and provides you with the opportunity to re-watch them as often as you like. As a participant on any of our eight FE1 courses, you can attend the workshop via live stream or watch the workshop recording when convenient. The aim of this structure is to ensure your preparations for the Final Examinations Part 1 are as convenient as possible, and that you can access your lectures, e-tutorials and workshop in a flexible and easily accessible structure via our VLE (Virtual Learning Environment), Moodle. 
Course Content 
There are eight FE1 examinations in the following subject areas: 
-	European Union Law 
-	Equity 
-	Constitutional Law 
-	Company Law 
-	Criminal Law 
-	Law of Contract 
-	Law of Tort 
-	Real Property
Apply direct: www.griffith.ie 
Course duration: Online (15 Weeks) Course runs twice a year 
For further information please contact The Professional Law School +353 1 416 3308 proflaw@griffith.ie

Preparatory Course for the The Honorable Society of King’s Inns’ Entrance Examinations DUBLIN
About the Course 
Every year the Griffith College Professional Law School conducts a preparation course for students intending to sit the Honorable Society of King’s Inns’ Entrance Examinations. 
Course Delivery 
This course was the first entrance exam and client-oriented programme in Ireland. Intensive and practical, its delivery is closely aligned to the specific examination papers set by the examiners of the Honorable Society of King’s Inns. With materials, notes and facilities of unequalled quality, underpinned by outstanding, supportive lecturers, participants will find a unique learning environment that will direct them towards success. The King’s Inns Preparatory course runs over a 10-week period from June to August each year, with tuition provided in all five subjects. Preparatory courses for the King’s Inns Entrance exams are flexible and user friendly with fully supported online delivery including live online weekly lectures that are also recorded for students to rewatch.. Learners are provided with softcopy manuals.
Course Content 
Highly-intensive tuition is provided for all five entrance examination subjects: 
-	Contract Law 
-	Criminal Law 
-	Law of Evidence 
-	Constitutional Law 
-	Law of Tort
Concise lectures build participants capability to analyse complex problems and to arrive at rational and informed conclusions.
Apply direct: www.griffith.ie 
Course duration: Online (10 weeks) For further information please contact The Professional Law School +353 1 416 3308 proflaw@griffith.ie

Griffith College Professional Academy
Griffith College Professional Academy offers a wide range of professional industry standard courses designed to up-skill you in your current role or re-skill you for new job opportunities. Our professional programmes are delivered on a part-time basis at Certificate and Diploma Levels. We also provide customised training to meet the particular needs of corporate clients. All our training is carried out to the highest standards and we consistently achieve top grade customer satisfaction ratings. Our mission is to create a stimulating and rewarding learning environment, imparting modern thinking and techniques, and empowering you to progress and develop through lifelong learning in your career andchose field of study.

Best Bits of Griffith College Professional Academy
1.	Excellent Lecturers All our lecturers are highly qualified and have practical experience in their respective fields.
2.	Relevant and up-to-date courses, designed to meet industry needs and learner expectations.
3.	A wide range of courses to up-skill in your current role or re-skill for new opportunities.
4.	Established academic reputation since 1974 and Ireland’s largest independent third level institution with locations in Dublin (x2), Cork and Limerick.
5.	Full library facilities: Griffith College library is a subscriber to numerous databases in order to offer you the best research resources, including computing, photocopying and printing facilities.
6.	Free on-campus car parking in our Dublin, South Circular Road location.
7.	Griffith College City Centre is minutes from all bus routes serving Dublin City Centre and close to both Luas lines.
8.	We offer a suite of lifelong learning taster courses; each course is a single module from our range of academic courses.
9.	We offer customised training to individuals and corporate groups to meet their particular needs.

Professional Diploma in Business Management DUBLIN DUBLIN CITY CENTRE CORK LIMERICK
About the Course 
Increasing competition in the market place calls for a greater degree of ability and professionalism on the part of all managers. The structure of the course ensures that learners are able to develop their academic knowledge and practical management skills. 
-	Provides a practical grounding in management skills. 
-	Effectively develop interpersonal and team building skills. 
-	Develop basic skills and knowledge required to undertake analysis of both internal and external business environments. 
For Whom 
This course is suited to the aspiring or newly appointed manager, the team leader, the selfemployed and those interested in enhancing personal performance. 
Entry Requirements 
Mature Applicants - Direct entry if you are 23 years from the 1st January this year. Under 23 Years - Min. 2H5s and 4 O6/H7s in your Leaving Certificate (subjects to include Maths and a language which can be English, Irish or a modern language) or equivalent exam taken. All applicants must be a user of Microsoft Office. 
Course Content 
-	Business Management 
-	Introduction to Management Accounting 
-	Technologies for Business 
-	Business Law and Ethics

Professional Diploma in Human Resource Management DUBLIN DUBLIN CITY CENTRE CORK LIMERICK
About the Course 
This course will provide you with the appropriate skills and knowledge essential for effective Human Resource Management. It explores the relationship between an organisation’s strategy, its culture and its HRM policies and procedures. 
-	Introduction to the main Human Resource Management theories. 
-	Provides conceptual and practical learning skills. 
-	Encourages learners to draw on their own experience which will help to develop a clear understanding of Human Resource Management. 
For Whom 
This course is suitable for individuals who wish to pursue a career in HRM and also for newly appointed managers or team leaders. 
Entry Requirements 
Mature Applicants – Direct entry if you are 23 years from the 1st January this year. Under 23 Years – Min. 2H5s and 4 O6/H7s in your Leaving Certificate (subjects to include Maths and a language which can be English, Irish or a modern language) or equivalent exam taken. All applicants must be a user of Microsoft Office. 
Course Content 
-	Business Management 
-	Human Resource Management 
-	Business Law and Ethics 
-	Managing Organisational Behaviour

Professional Diploma in Leadership Skills DUBLIN CORK
About the Course 
This course provides students with an in-depth exploration of the leadership role within an organisation. It enables students to appreciate what employees expect and want from their leader so that they can practice those skills and behaviours, which ensures that they will achieve results effectively through building successful relationships with their employees. The structure of the course ensures that participants gain a combination of theory and skills development which will be directly transferrable to workplace situations. 
For Whom 
This course is designed for either aspiring, new or experienced managers, supervisors and team leaders who want to learn the skills to improve employees’ motivation, enhance their commitment and increase return on investment. It highlights the skills a leader needs in order to successfully juggle the demands of the team, task and the individual. 
Entry Requirements
Mature Applicants – Direct entry if you are 23 years from the 1st January this year. Under 23 Years – 5 O6/H7 grades in the Irish Leaving Certificate or equivalent award or FETAC Level 5 Full Award

Professional Diploma in Project Management DUBLIN CORK
About the Course 
Project Management is a methodology that includes the process and activity of planning, organising, motivating, and controlling resources, to achieve specific business goals. Project Management is the preferred method for the delivery of business change and capital investment. 
-	Enable the individual to understand the role of the project leader, project sponsor and manage the client expectations. 
-	Understand how to use the project management process, prepare a project plan, assess the finance needs and manage project resources.
-	Develops the individual’s skill in monitoring, communicating, risk assessment and controlling a project in order to achieve successful project outcomes. 
For Whom 
This course is designed specifically for project managers, project team members and professional management who will benefit from the modular based principles of project management when faced with the dynamics of the competitive business environment. 
Entry Requirements 
Mature Applicants – Direct entry if you are 23 years from the 1st January this year. Under 23 Years – 5 O6/H7 grades in the Irish Leaving Certificate or equivalent award OR FETAC Level 5 Full Award

Professional Diploma in Credit Management & Debt Collection DUBLIN
About the Course 
This course provides students with an in depth exploration of the credit management role within organisation. It sets out to dispel any negative perceptions there may be about credit and replace the current perceptions with a positive, commercially aware, profit focused, customer centred function at the heart of every successful business. The course enables participants to appreciate what steps have to be taken and the optimal order the tasks should be completed, which ensure that they will achieve results effectively through building successful relationships with their customers and colleagues throughout their own organisation. It highlights the important skills which a credit manager needs in order to successfully juggle the demands of the customers, the finance department, mitigating risk and the need to grow sales. 
For Whom 
The Professional Diploma in Credit Management and Debt Collection is a structured programme that has been formulated specifically for those in Credit roles or aspiring Credit Managers in the workplace. 
Entry Requirements Mature Applicants – Direct entry if you are 23 years from the 1st January this year. Under 23 Years – 5 O6/H7 grades in the Irish Leaving Certificate or equivalent award OR FETAC Level 5 Full Award

Professional Diploma in Finance for Non Financial Managers DUBLIN
About the Course This course is suitable for working professionals and managers from various non-financial backgrounds to give them the skills and confidence to make informed and objective financial decisions. It will provide an understanding of how financial statements are prepared complying with accounting standards and legislation. 
-	Interpret and analyse company accounts. 
-	Communicate more effectively with the Finance Department. 
-	Analyse financial risks within their departments. 
-	Gain an insight into the role of financial strategy in an organisation and develop an understanding of financing and resource allocation. 
For Whom 
The course is designed to equip non-financial managers with the essential financial tools and knowledge to fully participate in strategic policy. 
Entry Requirements Mature Applicants – Direct entry if you are 23 years from the 1st January this year. Under 23 Years – 5 O6/H7 grades in the Irish Leaving Certificate or equivalent award OR FETAC Level 5 Full Award

Professional Diploma in Capital Markets & Investment DUBLIN
About the Course 
The Professional Diploma in Capital Markets, Investment and Trading is a structured programme that has been formulated to bridge the gap between the theoretical and reality. It marries fundamental financial theory to what is actually happening in markets today. It explains the reasons behind market movements and the effect and implications they have for investors, traders and market participants. The course introduces the capital markets and explains how to evaluate investment opportunities and obtain and interpret financial data. It explains the various options available to investors and traders today and also considers investor psychology, tax and financial planning, derivatives and risk management. Learners will have the neccessary knowledge and confidance to decide on how best to manage their financial affairs. 
For Whom This programme appeals to a wide range of individuals interested in capital markets, investment and or trading including, fund accountants, fund administrators, portfolio, relationship managers, investors, traders, company directors and those in banking or financial services. 
Entry Requirements 
Mature Applicants – Direct entry if you are 23 years from the 1st January this year. Under 23 Years – 5 O6/H7 grades in the Irish Leaving Certificate or equivalent award OR FETAC Level 5 Full Award. Appropriate work experience/ knowledge within a Capital Markets, Investment & Trading environment is desirable.

Professional Certificate in Administration and Office Skills DUBLIN
About the Course 
This course has been specifically designed to develop both practical administration and office skills, which are important in today’s modern business environment. Participants will gain practical experience in using the most commonly used MS Office applications including /Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint & Outlook. 
-	Provides you with real-world skills to get started in a career as an administrative professional. 
-	Educates and trains learners about the dynamics of modern business and office environment and provides in-depth exposure of the technologies required for today’s office. 
-	The work in an office ranges from clerical to administrative functions which make the job of an administrative professional a much relied on position. 
For Whom 
This course is suited to participants who wish to obtain the skills and knowledge required to work efficiently and effectively in a busy office environment. 
Entry Requirements 
Mature Applicants – Direct entry if you are 23 years from the 1st January this year. Under 23 Years – Min. 5O6/H7s in your Leaving Certificate (subjects to include a language which can be English, Irish or a modern language). All applicants must be a user of Microsoft Office and File Management.

Professional CENTRE Diploma in Management & Leadership DUBLIN DUBLINCITY CENTRE LIMERICK
About the Course 
This high-end management qualification focuses on practical management skills development, preparing graduates for management or self-employment. The course places a strong emphasis on practical management skills and has been developed with career progression and recognition by professional bodies in mind. The programme consists of the following modules: 
-	Principles of Management & Leadership 
-	Strategic Business Management & Planning 
-	Strategic Decision Making 
-	Corporate Social Responsibility & Sustainability 
-	Corporate Communications 
-	Successful Business Team Development 
-	Understand How to Manage Work Activities to 
-	Improve Business Performance 
For Whom 
This course is suited to participants who wish to gain an in-depth knowledge and understanding of the principles of management, leadership and corporate social responsibility. 
Progression 
Upon completion of the course, learners can progress onto a range of Certificates, Diplomas or Degrees in Business. This qualification empowers graduates in a variety of careers where professional management skills are required in a wide range of environments. This is a vocational qualification which would suit nongraduates who aspire to supervisory or management roles.

Certificate in Applied IT & Office Skills DUBLIN CITY CENTRE
About the Course 
This course has been designed to develop practical administration and office skills, vital in the modern business environment. Participants will learn touch typing, the MS Office suite (Outlook, Word, Excel, Powerpoint, Access), alongside the principles of digital marketing and the basics of petty cash management etc. Professional development to facilitate participants preparing to enter or progress in the workplace is also covered. 
For Whom 
This course is ideal for: 
-	Graduates who wish to complement their academic qualification with a practical skill set. 
-	Persons re-entering the workplace following a sabbatical. 
-	Persons wishing to move from the retail or hospitality sectors to a business environment. 
-	Those already working in an office environment seeking to up skill for promotion purposes. 
Entry Requirements
Mature Applicants – direct entry if you are 23 years from the 1st of January this year. Under 23 years – minimum 5 OH6/H7s in Leaving Certificate (subjects to include a language which can be English, Irish or a modern language).

Professional Certificate in Digital Marketing & Strategy DUBLIN CORK LIMERICK
About the Course 
This course combines digital marketing and social media theories and practices to create awareness and engagement online in order to build customer traction across a range of business types and models. Students are taught how to develop digital campaigns, through both web and mobile channels, using the most effective digital media and communications platforms and how to effectively monitor, track and measure the effectiveness of digital campaigns. As the impact of online channels and digital media increases it is affecting the way that many industries previously functioned. Today, it is absolutely necessary that all businesses and service providers understand the impact and potential of new technologies and how best to leverage these for business purposes. 
For Whom 
This course is aimed at those looking to build an effective online presence, and will be of interest particularly to those who own a business or manage a corporate website. It will also be of interest to those who are involved in online and offline advertising, marketing, digital production or public relations, who specifically need to gain a greater understanding of the proliferation of tools, channels and platforms that users now expect businesses to be present on and be willing to engage on. Entry Requirements Mature Applicants – Direct entry if you are 23 years from the 1st January of this year. Under 23 Years – 5 O6/H7 grades in the Irish Leaving Certificate or equivalent award or FETAC Level 5 Full Award. All applicants must be a user of Microsoft Office.

Professional Certificate in Digital Design with Adobe DUBLIN
About the Course 
The Professional Certificate in Digital Design with Adobe teaches students the skills and graphic design principles that will enable students to create industry standard web and print documents using the Adobe Creative Suite; Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator, Adobe InDesign & Adobe Acrobat. 
-	A student centered active learning environment ensures that the practical design skills required for high quality publications can be integrated with the individual needs. 
-	The structure of the course is practically orientated.
For Whom 
The course assumes no previous knowledge of the software. It aims to enable participants to be able to produce a broad range of documents including newsletters, product leaflets, adverts, posters and sales material for either internal use or for commercial printing. At the end of the course participants will have a good knowledge of the various tools and features. 
Entry Requirements Mature Applicants – Direct entry if you are 23 years from the 1st January this year. Under 23 Years – 5 O6/H7 grades in the Irish Leaving Certificate or equivalent award or FETAC Level 5 Full Award All applicants must be a user of Microsoft Office

Professional Certificate in Web Design & Development DUBLIN
About the Course 
The course introduces cutting edge responsive design techniques; HTML 5, CSS, Adobe Dreamweaver and Photoshop, from project inception to completion. 
-	Students will build their own multi-page website. 
-	Project Based Student-Centered Learning Approach. 
-	Students explore new concepts and apply lessons by planning, designing, producing, collaborating on, and evaluating a project.
For Whom 
Any individuals wishing to develop a web-site including, professional designers familiar with desktop publishing or graphics software needing to get to grips with this powerful web design tool. This course will provide a foundation for those who want to pursue a career in web design or development or simply want to create their own website. 
Entry Requirements 
Mature Applicants – Direct entry if you are 23 years from the 1st January this year. Under 23 Years – 5 O6/H7 grades in the Irish Leaving Certificate or equivalent award or FETAC Level 5 Full Award. All applicants must be a user of Microsoft Office and Windows and learners must be willing to commit to work at home.

Professional Certificate in 2D AutoCAD with Architectural Drafting DUBLIN 
About the Course 
This course is designed to cover a wide range of 2D drawings and editing commands and routines to aid the application of AutoCAD. Participants will become familiar with the necessary techniques required to produce and edit drawings and prepare drawings to output. The aim of the programme is to equip participants to develop their skills in the use of architectural drawing using pencil and ink and 2D CAD as a means of communicating design ideas. The objectives are to introduce the principles of a series of architectural drawing techniques using pencil and ink and 2D CAD. 
For Whom 
This professional certificate is aimed at learners who wish to advance and enhance their knowledge, skills and competencies in architectural drafting and 2D AutoCAD, and receive professional certification. The programme provides a pathway for applicants that do not have formal qualifications or training who may wish consider a career or further study in this field. 
Entry Requirements 
Mature Students (Over 23 Years) - Direct entry Under 23 Years - 5 O6/H7 grades in the Irish Leaving Certificate or equivalent award or FETAC Level 5 Full Award All applicants should be proficient in the use of MS Applications & File Management. This course is delivered through AutoCAD for Windows. Learners are advised that they will need access to either and PC or laptop with a Microsoft Windows operating system on which they can install a student copy of Autodesk which will be made available to all participants of the course.

Professional Certificate in Advanced 2D AutoCAD with SketchUp DUBLIN
About the Course 
This course is designed to cover a wide range of drawings and editing commands and routines to aid the application of AutoCAD. The aim of the programme is to enable learners to develop advanced skills in architectural drawing techniques using 2D CAD, and building 3D models using 3D CAD. The objectives are to build on skills gained in Architectural Drafting and 2D CAD and to introduce advanced detailing using 2D CAD. The module also introduces principles of 3D modelling techniques using 3D CAD. 
For Whom 
This professional certificate is aimed at learners who have basic 2D AutoCAD skills and/or have completed an introductory level course. It will allow learners to advance their knowledge, skills and competencies in 2D AutoCAD and SketchUp and receive professional certification. The programme provides a pathway for applicants who wish to consider a career or further study in this field. 
Entry Requirements 
Under 23 Years - 5 O6/H7 grades in the Irish Leaving Certificate or equivalent award or FETAC Level 5 Full Award. All applicants must have industry or educational experience and will need to provide a copy of CV or transcripts of prior learning, and a sample of 2D AutoCAD work. All applicants should be proficient in the use of MS Applications & File Management and have a good understanding of both written and spoken English. This course is delivered through AutoCAD for Windows. Learners are advised that they will need access to either and PC or laptop with a Microsoft Windows operating system on which they can install a student copy of Autodesk which will be made available to all participants of the course.

CompTIA A+ DUBLIN
About the Course 
CompTIA A + certification training validates the knowledge and skills of Computer Service Technicians. 
-	The course covers mobile devices, tablets, laptops, desktops. 
-	CompTIA A+ confirms a technician’s ability to perform tasks such as installation, configuration, diagnosing, preventive maintenance and basic networking with an introduction to mobile networking and cloud computing. 
-	The course also covers topics such as security, safety and environmental issues, and communication and professionalism. 
-	Fundamentals of cloud computing. 
For Whom 
The A+ certification is the ideal starting point for anyone interested in working in IT configuring, upgrading and supporting PCs in the workplace. 
Entry Requirements 
Mature Applicants – Direct entry if you are 23 years from the 1st January this year. Under 23 Years - 5 O6/H7 grades in the Irish Leaving Certificate or equivalent award or FETAC Level 5 Full Award. No formal qualification in computing is required for entry to the course, although prospective participants should be familiar with basic computing concepts and troubleshooting a computer.

CompTIA Network+ DUBLIN
About the Course CompTIA Network+ validates the knowledge and skills of IT and networking professionals. 
-	Teaches essential skills such as install, configure and troubleshoot basic networking hardware, protocols and services. 
-	The course includes many topics that help the participants to understand the concepts of networking, but it is also a very practical course. 
For Whom 
CompTIA Network+ certification is designed to start or advance your Networking career. Some participants, having gained a basic knowledge of computing through other training, will choose this track to enhance their knowledge by going beyond the use of a basic PC. Network+ is a popular track with individuals looking to become Network Administrators and those individuals looking to validate knowledge of networking by getting certified. 
Entry Requirements 
Mature Applicants – Direct entry if you are 23 years from the 1st January this year. Under 23 Years - 5 O6/H7 grades in the Irish Leaving Certificate or equivalent award or FETAC Level 5 Full Award. Completion of A+ qualification or sufficient work place experience.

Professional Diploma in AI for Business DUBLIN
About the Course 
This programme offers learners the tools needed to approach different AI platforms, understand their strengths and weaknesses, collaborate with AI to generate ideas, content, and improve decision-making. AI tools are used throughout the programme on a week-by-week basis. The latest trends and technologies in AI will be covered in a rich overview that must include current case studies, so learners are informed of the latest developments in the field and rapid changes in the rise of AI, while understanding the impact that AI is having on the world. Upon completing the programme, learners will be equipped to examine AI’s dimensions and societal implications, analyse ongoing developments, evaluate and plan the ethical use of generative AI in professional settings, apply AI collaboration skills to enhance efficiency in personal and business contexts, and select the most appropriate AI tools for various applications 
For Whom 
This course is ideally designed for managers, professionals, entrepreneurs or anyone in the team. You do not need technical expertise as a perquisite and you will learn hands on actionable skills that you can apply to your workplace. 
Entry Requirements 
Mature Applicants - Direct entry Under 23 Years Minimum - 5 O6s/H7s grades in the Irish Leaving Certificate or equivalent award OR FETAC Level 5 Full Award. It is recommended that applicants have a good understanding of both written and spoken English. It is also recommended that applicants have a minimum of 1 year of business experience.

Certificate in Foundational Skills and Competencies in Counselling and Psychotherapy DUBLIN LIMERICK
About the Course 
This is an ICHAS course validated by QQI and delivered by ICHAS at Griffith College The Certificate in Foundational Skills & Competence in Counselling & Psychotherapy is designed to provide a quality assured undergraduate Minor Award in Counselling and Psychotherapy for students who seek to develop practical skills as well as theoretical understanding of the area of counselling. Students will gain a good basis for professional progression in the counselling sector while developing key life skills that can be applied in their personal lives and freely to other professions. 
For Whom 
This programme is suitable for those who wish to study both Counselling and Psychotherapy at a foundational level, either to support existing roles or as a point of initial discovery as to whether a Major Award might be something that they wish to pursue. It is also relevant for healthcare professionals, teachers, social workers, managers, customer services, sports coaches and others. 
Entry Requirements 
All applicants must be over 18 years of age. All applicants are required to have basic IT skills and competence. All applicants must undergo an interview. For non-native speakers of English, a C score in the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFRL) or an equivalent IELTS score of 6.0 is required.

Certificate in Essential Counselling Skills LIMERICK DUBLIN
About the Course 
This is and ICHAS course delivered by ICHAS at Griffith College and is one module from the BA (Hons) in Counselling and Psychotherapy The Certificate in Essential Counselling Skills provides participants with an understanding and practical application of counselling and psychotherapeutic skills. It serves as an excellent introduction to the area of counselling, and teaches general counselling skills that will benefit people in both their personal and professional lives. 
For Whom 
This part-time programme is designed for those who have little or no professional experience but wish to extend their knowledge of interpersonal and counselling skills. It is suitable for healthcare professionals, teachers, social workers, managers, those working in customer services, sports coaches and others. 
Entry Requirements 
The Certificate in Essential Counselling Skills is open to all who are over 18 years of age and who have an interest in Counselling and Psychotherapy and those who wish to understand how counselling and psychotherapy skills can help when working with people.

BA (Hons) in Counselling & Psychotherapy LIMERICK DUBLIN
About the Course 
This is an ICHAS course validated by QQI and delivered by ICHAS at Griffith College. The programme is highly interactive and is designed for learners who wish to begin their educational and learning journey in the field of Counselling and Psychotherapy or related fields. The primary focus will be working with individuals and groups but also to prepare learners to contribute at community and policy levels as practitioners in their field. The syllabus covers a diverse combination of theory, skills and personal development. Students will gain real life experience through work-based learning and will be supported through this process. The blended learning option provides a flexible learning environment for students who wish to study on a part time basis, using a combination of online and in person learning. 
For Whom 
This programme has been designed primarily for those who want to study towards becoming competent professional practitioners and to work with diverse and marginalised groups people or individuals with complex needs. It is for those who wish to break down barriers of access to evidence-based intervention and create opportunities for high-quality treatment experiences for all who need them. 
Entry Requirements 
All applicants must be over 18 years of age Mature Students (over 23 years) - Direct entry Under 23 Years - A minimum of 2 H5 & 4 O6/H7 grades in six Leaving Certificate subjects, including English or Irish. Maths is not required. All applicants are required to undergo Garda Vetting, have basic IT literacy and undergo an interview. For non-native speakers of English, a C score in the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFRL) or an equivalent IELTS score of 6.0 is required.

BA (Hons) in Counselling & Psychotherapy with Youth Studies LIMERICK DUBLIN
About the Course 
This is an ICHAS course validated by QQI and delivered by ICHAS at Griffith College. This programme is an exciting and innovative programme, designed to support students wishing to study towards becoming professional practitioners in Counselling related areas of practice and specifically in Youth based settings. It focuses on the skills, knowledge and approach necessary to work within the youth context, with emphasis placed on the link between theory and practice. The syllabus covers a diverse combination of theory and competence development. It focuses on areas such as understanding mental health and issues directly affecting young people such as education, health, inequality, racism, suicide and addiction. 
For Whom 
This programme is for anyone looking to pursue a career in the Youth area of counselling and psychotherapy. Designed with a balanced mix of theory, skills and personal development. Student will gain real life experience through work-based learning and will be supported through this process. 
Entry Requirements 
All applicants must be over 18 years of age Mature Students (over 23 years) - Direct entry Under 23 Years - A minimum of 2 H5 & 4 O6/ H7 grades in six Leaving Certificate subjects, including English or Irish. Maths is not required. All applicants are required to undergo Garda Vetting, have basic IT literacy and undergo an interview. For non-native speakers of English, a C score in the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFRL) or an equivalent IELTS score of 6.0 is required.

BA (Hons) in Counselling & Psychotherapy with Addiction Studies LIMERICK DUBLIN
About the Course 
This is an ICHAS course validated by QQI and delivered by ICHAS at Griffith College. This programme is designed to support learners wishing to study towards becoming professional practitioners in Counselling related areas of practice and specifically in addiction based settings. It focuses on the skills, knowledge and approach necessary to work within the addiction’s context, with emphasis placed on the link between theory and practice. The syllabus covers a diverse combination of theory and competence development. It centres on areas such as understanding mental health, the theoretical evolution of addiction, substance and non-substance addictions, addiction intervention and recovery approaches. 
For Whom 
This innovative programme is suitable for anyone looking to pursue a career in the Addiction area of counselling and psychotherapy. Designed with a balanced mix of theory, skills and personal development. Student will gain real life experience through work-based learning and will be supported through this process. 
Entry Requirements 
All applicants must be over 18 years of age Mature Students (over 23 years) - Direct entry Under 23 Years - A minimum of 2 H5 & 4 O6/H7 grades in six Leaving Certificate subjects, including English or Irish. Maths is not required. All applicants are required to undergo Garda Vetting, have basic IT literacy and undergo an interview. For non-native speakers of English, a C score in the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFRL) or an equivalent IELTS score of 6.0 is required. 
Professional Accreditation 
The programme is recognised towards professional accreditation as a Counsellor by NAPCP, APCP and ACI.

Higher National Certificate in Manufacturing Engineering LIMERICK DUBLIN
About the Course 
This course provides education and training of manufacturing principals and management to engineers, operators and technicians in the areas of manufacturing systems and processes. 
Progression 
Students of this course have the option to further their studies with our Level 6 Higher National Diploma in Manufacturing Engineering (BTEC) programme. Graduates of the Higher National Certificate in Manufacturing Engineering will have the ability for progression within their chosen fields of Manufacturing. Engineering or across all various other industries will have the ability for progression within their chosen fields of Manufacturing, Engineering, or various other industries, including the manufacturing (traditional and modern), and services sector. It also allows the development of key work-related skills which are transferable to a variety of types of management and technical work, such as work in: manufacturing systems design, manufacturing, maintenance and technical services areas of the electronic, mechanical and the automotive engineering industries to name just a few. 
Course Content 
SEMESTER 1 Engineering Management, Engineering Maths, Production Engineering for Manufacturing, Quality and Process Improvement. 
SEMESTER 2 Electrical and Electronic Principles, Engineering Design, Engineering Science, Managing a Professional Engineering Project.

Higher National Diploma (HND) in Manufacturing Engineering LIMERICK DUBLIN
About the Course 
This course has been designed to provide technical training in the area of manufacturing engineering. Available to graduates from the Higher National Certificate in Manufacturing Engineering, the course delivers knowledge and work-related skills in a broad range of specialist disciplines and is suited to those who would like a career in the manufacturing/biopharma and medical devices industries. 
Progression 
Graduates may be considered eligible to join our Bachelor of Engineering in Industrial Engineering programme. Recent graduates of this course are currently employed as test technicians or research and development technicians, technical representatives, engineering plan technicians, junior engineers, production planners or production technicians. 
Course Content 
Year one 
SEMESTER 1 Engineering Management, Engineering Maths, Production Engineering for Manufacturing, Quality and Process Improvement. 
SEMESTER 2 Electrical and Electronic Principles, Engineering Design, Engineering Science, Managing a Professional Engineering Project. 
Year two 
SEMESTER 1 Advanced Manufacturing Engineering, Lean Manufacturing, Professional Engineering Management, Sustainability. 
SEMESTER 2 Industrial Services, Manufacturing Systems Engineering, Research Project

Certificate in Industrial Manufacturing and Maintenance Skills LIMERICK DUBLIN
About the Course 
The Certificate in Industrial Manufacturing and Maintenance Skills is a one-year part-time programme run in partnership with ESS that provides key knowledge, skills, and competencies in Industrial Manufacturing and Maintenance related subjects. The modern manufacturing technician is required to be competent in a broad range of cross-functional technical skills (Electrical/HVAC/Refrigeration) and soft skills (Communication). There is a significant demand in the industry for such multi-skilled technicians. The CIMMS is designed to give operators and technicians the knowledge, skills, and competence to undertake a broad range of technical, maintenance and service tasks in an industrial manufacturing setting. These technicians are working in highly regulated industries including, but not limited to, pharmaceutical, life sciences, MedTech, and food and drink manufacturing and should therefore be familiar with Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP) and Quality Regulations. 
Entry Requirements 
Mature Applicants – Apply directly. Eligibility is based on work experience and/or life experience, demonstrating they have reached the required standards of knowledge, skills, and competence. Under 23 years - Min. 5 O6/H7s in the Leaving Certificate, or equivalent. Subjects must include maths, English, and Irish or another language. 
Course Content 
Industrial Electrical and Safety Systems, Fundamentals of GMP and Quality Regulations, HVACR Principles, Workplace Communication 
Progression 
Graduates may progress onto the Higher National Certificate in Manufacturing Engineering or the B.Eng.IE.

Certificate in Industrial Electrical Safety and Systems LIMERICK
About the Course 
The Certificate in Industrial Electrical Safety and Systems (CIESS) is recommended for anyone who works with electrical systems and is designed to give non-electrical personnel the ability to diagnose industrial faults and to carry out repairs/ replacements safely. The QQI-accredited Certificate in Industrial Electrical Safety and Systems is a part-time course, run in partnership with ESS, typically delivered one day a week (4 days in class) with blended online supports over a 6-week period. The CIESS programme aims to turn out technicians with a knowledge of industrial electrical engineering and the skills needed to specify, install, test, and validate electrical and control systems and their operations in a safe manner. 
Entry Requirements
Ideally, learners will have some prior technical or mechanical experience or knowledge and/or exposure to a manufacturing environment. Applicants under age 23 - Min. 5 O6/H7s in the Leaving Certificate, or equivalent. Subjects must include maths, English, and Irish or another language. 
Course Content 
Basic Electrical Circuits, AC Power and Energy, Transformer and Motor Operations, Operation and Testing of Control and Power Circuits, Electrical Safety 
Progression 
Graduates may progress onto the Certificate in Industrial Manufacturing and Maintenance Skills, Higher National Certificate in Manufacturing Engineering or B.Eng.IE.

Griffith Conference Centre
Situated in the heart of Dublin, Griffith Conference Centre is a prime purpose-built venue situated along the scenic banks of the Grand Canal, only 2 kilometres from St. Stephen’s Green.
The centre has been custom designed to provide the finest state-of-the-art facilities and the perfect environment for a successful and productive event. Griffith Conference Centre enjoys the convenience of a self-contained campus, complete with a restaurant, bar and catering facilities. Our Conference Centre is designed for parties of 10 – 600 people, and is fitted with the latest technology including electronic blinds, electronically retractable seating systems, inbuilt PA systems, electronic overhead projectors and screens, air conditioning, retractable partition walls, in-house audio visual services, state-of-the-art lighting and sound systems, as well as a fully serviced catering operation on site. Our rooms vary in size and function, and this flexibility means that we can customise our facilities to match each client’s unique requirements. 
Facilities Griffith Conference Centre can offer you venue hire for any of the following events: 
-	Concerts 
-	Exams 
-	Conferences 
-	Launches 
-	Conventions 
-	Lecture Theatre 
-	Ceremonies 
-	Presentations 
-	Exhibitions 
-	Press Events 
-	Filming 
-	Public Meetings 
Catering 
Conference Catering facilities are available on-site for your event with a wide variety of menus from finger food to Silver Service dining options. Our Conference Centre Event Planner works closely to ensure each client’s unique requirements are met. Menus can be customised to meet each event’s unique needs. 
Information 
Our state-of-the-art facilities have attracted an impressive list of clients including corporate associations, public sector bodies, performing artists and government organisations. If you would like further information about our Conference Centre please contact the Conference Centre Office on: +353 (1) 416 3357 /4163318 or email: griffithconferencecentre@griffith.ie

Useful Contacts 
Dublin Campus Admissions Office admissions@griffith.ie +353 1 415 0415 
International Admissions Office international@griffith.ie +353 1 416 3333 
Reception reception@griffith.ie +353 1 415 0400 
Griffith Halls of Residence live@griffith.ie +353 1 416 3320 
Student Fees Office studentfees@griffith.ie +353 1 415 0493 
Griffith Conference Centre +353 1 416 3357 /4163318 griffithconferencecentre@griffith.ie 
Griffith Institute of Languages gil@griffith.ie  +353 1 416 3360 
Library library@griffith.ie +353 1 415 0490 
Student’s Union su@griffith.ie +353 1 415 0418 
Griffith College Cork Admissions Office +353 21 4507027 admissions.gcc@griffith.ie 
Griffith College Limerick Admissions Office +353 61 310031 admissions.gcl@griffith.ie 
Griffith College City Centre Campus Admissions Office +353 1 4150450 admissions.wts@griffith.ie